

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 1
Readers are encouraged to report any inaccuracies by emailing dcbc3705@gmail.com.  Readers
are also encouraged to submit additional locations for consideration to be included in future
updates.  Lastly, if you like this ebook and find it to be of good value, please consider writing a
review on Amazon.  I would sincerely appreciate it. 
In addition, this Directory of Campgrounds with RV Hook Ups and Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
is not all inclusive.  This first edition is a starting point of centralizing this information.  Updates
will be made as they become available, and new editions will be published as needed.  
The information in this guide has been assembled by my personal experience, recommendations
from others, and extensive online research.  As such, while efforts have been made to ensure
accurate information, it is possible some errors may exist in the guide.  No liability is assumed for
any losses or damages due to the information provided.
Disclaimer
No part of this publication can be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form by any
means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical means, without prior
written permission of the publisher, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law.  For permission
requests, contact Betty Chambers at dcbc3705@gmail.com.
All Rights Reserved.
Copyright   2022 by Betty Chambers and www.RVingwithBikes.com.©

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 2
Dedication
This book is dedicated to all those who work in the camping and recreational trail services.
Your hard work and efforts bring so much joy to those of us who love to travel.
You have made our lives better.
Thank you.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 3
T a b l e   O f   C o n t e n t s
Disclaimer1
Dedication2
Is This Book For You?11
About the Campgrounds12
About The Trails14
About The Bikes15
Alabama16
Arkansas18
Arizona20
California22
Colorado26

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 4
Delaware30
Florida32
Georgia38
Idaho39
Illinois41
Indiana44
Iowa 46
Kansas51
Kentucky52
Louisiana53
Maine54
Massachusetts55

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 5
Michigan56
Minnesota62
Mississippi67
Missouri68
Montana73
Nebraska74
Nevada77
New Hampshire78
New Jersey80
New York82
North Carolina85
Ohio86

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 6
Oklahoma88
Oregon91
Pennsylvania93
South Carolina95
South Dakota96
Tennessee99
Texas100
Utah103
Vermont105
Virginia106
Washington109
West Virginia112

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 7
Wisconsin113
 Part 2 - Campgrounds with Partial Hook Ups115
Arizona - Partial Hook Ups115
Arkansas - Partial Hook Ups116
California - Partial Hook Ups117
Colorado - Partial Hook Ups118
Delaware - Partial Hook Ups120
Florida - Partial Hook Ups121
Georgia - Partial Hook Ups125
Idaho - Partial Hook Ups126
Illinois - Partial Hook Ups127
Indiana - Partial Hook Ups129

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 8
Iowa - Partial Hook Ups131
Kansas - Partial Hook Ups134
Kentucky - Partial Hook Ups135
Maine - Partial Hook Ups136
Massachusetts - Partial Hook Ups137
Michigan - Partial Hook Ups138
Minnesota - Partial Hook Ups141
Mississippi - Partial Hook Ups146
Missouri - Partial Hook Ups147
Nebraska - Partial Hook Ups149
New York - Partial Hook Ups150
Ohio - Partial Hook Ups151

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 9
Oregon - Partial Hook Ups153
Pennsylvania - Partial Hook Ups154
South Carolina - Partial Hookups155
South Dakota - Partial Hook Ups156
Tennessee - Partial Hook Ups158
Texas - Partial Hook Ups159
Washington - Partial Hook Ups160
West Virginia - Partial Hook Ups161
Wisconsin - Partial Hook Ups162
Appendix 1 - Exceptions to the Rules164
Appendix 2 - Articles About Ebikes166
Be Part of the Next Edition!167

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 10
Thank You168
About the Author169

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 11
Is This Book For You?
If you love RVing as much as we do, and I'm guessing you do, and you enjoy bike riding, you'll
likely agree that it just doesn't get any better than combining these two activities.  The idea of
this book is to help you do just that.
My husband, Dan, and I enjoy traveling in our 2529RG Winnebao Minnie travel trailer.   We love
seeing this great country of ours, and we like doing it with all the comforts of our own travel
trailer.  We enjoy the amenities and the atmosphere of campgrounds. But at our age, we don't
want to rough it.   We prefer campgrounds which offer full hook ups.  
Welcome to the wonderful world of RVing with Bikes. 
What we like best is to ride our bikes right from our travel trailer onto a paved trail.  However, I
couldn't find any single resource which could direct me to campgrounds which offered easy
access to paved bike trails.  By easy access, I mean that you can ride your bike from the
campground to the paved (or hard surfaced) trail.  You do not have to ride your bike on a busy
road to get to the trail nor do you have to transport your bike to the trail using a bike rack. 
 Simply get on your bike at the campground and ride to the paved or hard surfaced trail.     
We also like bike riding.  So, we usually bring our bikes along on our trips.  In 2021, we bought
ebikes, and that is when our love for combining RVing and bike riding really took off.  

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 12
About the Campgrounds
The main focus of this book will be on campgrounds, public or private, which offer full or partial
hook ups with easy access to paved or hard-surfaced bike trails.  The first section of the book lists
campgrounds with full hook ups.  The listing of campgrounds with partial hook ups with easy
access to paved bike trails is located in Part 2.  
Not included in the Directory are campgrounds which advertise a "ten year rule."  Also, not
included are military campgrounds; although, military service is very much appreciated. 
Campgrounds which advertise as First Come, First Served are noted as such.  There is a limited
listing of campgrounds which are restricted to those 55 and over.  These listings can be found in
the "Appendix - Exceptions to the Rules" section.
For each campground listed, I have included the state, the city, the type of campground and the
campground's exact name which is linked to its web address.  I encourage you to research the
campgrounds you are interested in to be sure the campground meets your standards.   

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 13
If Dan and I have camped at a specific location, I have included a link to my blog post about our
activities there and in the surrounding area.  Perhaps this will give you some tips or ideas about
what you'd like to do while visiting the area.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 14
About The Trails
Dan and I like to ride on trails which are paved or have a solid surface, such as crushed limestone. 
As such, these are the type of trails which will be the focus of this guide.  I will include the name
of the trail which is linked to its web address.  Notes will indicate the general length of the trail,
giving the reader a general idea if the riding is limited or may connect to a larger system of trails.
Trails which are a minimum of about one mile will be included in the listings.  I encourage you to
check the trail's website for any current closures or restrictions.  
This guide will not include mountain biking trails.  Nor will this guide include trails or routes which
are a dedicated lane on a road.  However, if a campground has easy access to mountain biking
trails, this may be mentioned as additional information in the notes provided about each
location.  

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 15
About The Bikes
While Dan and I like to ride ebikes, a guide to trails would, of course, be applicable to both
traditional bikes as well as ebikes.   I encourage you, though, to review any local restrictions with
regards to ebikes.  And, whether you ride a traditional bike or an ebike, always wear your helmet. 
If you're anything like Dan and I, you need your head and brain in tact.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 16
Dauphin Island, AL
Eufaula, AL   (A)
Alabama
Campground:  .  RV Park.Lake Eufaula Campground
Trail:  .  Approximately 6 miles.Yololo Micco Hike and Bike Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Dauphin Island Campground
Trail:  There is a 3.5 mile paved trail (one way) which goes alongside the
campground.  The trail does extend beyond but is on the road.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 17
Gulf Shores, AL   (B)
Orange Beach, AL   (B)
Related blog post: Gulf State Park – #1 Activity
Gulf Shores, AL   (B)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Island Retreat RV Park
Campground: . There are 496 full hook up campsites in the park. Even so, you’ll
want to get your reservation early, as this is a very popular park.
Gulf State Park
Trail: There is a  in the park.  The trail is paved.28 mile bike trail system
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the  which is an asphalt trail and is
over 5 miles long.
Fort Morgan Road Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sun Outdoors Orange Beach
Trail:   This campground has direct access to the 28 .  The
trails are paved.
miles of bike trails in Gulf State Park
Campground:  .  RV Park.Doc's RV Park
Thanks to Tony from Huntsville, AL for emailing in this location!
Trail:  The campground is located 0.3 miles from the .  This is an asphalt
trail and is over 5 miles long.
Fort Morgan Road Trail
Gulf Shores, AL   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 18
Arkansas
Little Rock, AR   (B)
Morrilton, AR   (A)
Campground:  .  City Park.Downtown Riverside RV Park
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 17 mile paved trail which
connects to an 88 mile multi-use loop.
Arkansas River Trail
Campground:  .Petit Jean State Park
Trail: The  connects the campground to the park's lodge.  This trail is paved
and is 1.75 miles.
CCC Hike & Bike Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 19
Trail:  The campground is about 300 feet from a trail which connects to the . 
This is a 17 mile paved trail which connects to an 88 mile multi-use loop.
Arkansas River Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.  Call (218) 632-2753 to make a reservation. 
Note:  This campground is temporarily closed.  Please call for information.  (3/3/2024)
Burns Park Campground
North Little Rock, AR   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 20
Tucson, AZ   (B)
Grand Canyon, AZ   (A)
Campground:  .  Grand Canyon National Park. Trailer Village RV Park
Trail:  and Hermit Road on the South Rim.  The
Greenway trail is a 2.8 bicycle pathway.  Hermit Road is 7 miles along the South Rim
and has limited traffic.
Hermit Road Greenway Trail
Arizona
Campground:  .  RV Park.Crazy Horse RV Park
Trail: The campground is a 0.6 mile bike ride on quiet side roads to the Julian Wash
Greenway which is part of the ,  The Loop is approximately
137 miles of paved paths and shared bike lanes with more to be completed.
Chuck Huckleberry Loop

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 21
Tucson, AZ   (B)
Tucson, AZ   (B)
Trail:  The campground is 0.4 mile from the entrance to the Diamond Street Loop.  This is a trail
segment which considered to be part of . The Chuck Huckelberry Loop
Trail: .  The loop is approximately 137 miles of paved paths and
shared bike lanes with more to be completed.
The Chuck Huckelberry Loop
Campground: Lazydays KOA RV Park
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sentinel Peak RV Park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 22
California
Anaheim, CA   (F)
Big Bear City, CA   (E)
Campground:  .  San Bernardino National Forest.Serrano Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Canyon RV Park
Trail:  The campground is next to the .  This is currently a 60 mile paved trail.Santa Ana River Trail
Trail:  The .  5.2 mile asphalt trail.  There are lots of bike trails in the area.Alpine Pedal Path

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 23
Castro Valley, CA   (J)
Half Moon Bay, CA   (I)
Death Valley, CA   (C)
Granite Bay, CA   (K)
Campground:   in Folsom Lake State Recreation Area.Beals Point Campground
Campground:  .  Death Valley National Park.Furnace Creek Campground
Trail:  There is a  from the campground.  one mile bike path
Trails:  There are miles of both  with the State Recreation Area.paved and off-road biking trails
Campground:  .  County Park.Anthony Chabot Regional Park Campground
Trail:  There is a 3.52 mile .  The park does contain mountain
biking trails.
paved trail around Lake Chabot
Campground:  .  RV Park.  (650) 726-9100
Note:  Max Length is 40 foot.
Pelican Point RV Park
Trail:  The entrance to the  is right outside the campground.   This is
an 11.5 mile paved trail.
Half Moon Bay Coastal Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 24
Hesperia, CA   (D)
Playa Del Rey, CA   (G)
South Lake Tahoe, CA   (B)
Campground:  .  County Park.Dockweiler Beach RV Park
Trail:  The  is adjacent to the campground.  This is a 22 mile paved
trail.
Marvin Braude Bicycle Trail
Campground:  .  State Park.Silverwood Lake State Recreation Area
Campground:  .  RV Park.Camp Richardson Resort & Marina
Trail:  The state park has  for hiking and biking.13 miles of paved trails
Trail:  This campground is adjacent to the .  This is a paved bike path
which is 3.4 miles one way.
Pope Baldwin Bike Path
Trail:  There is a 6 mile  right next to the park.paved biking trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.  (650) 712-9277
 Note:  This campground does not take reservations.  Must be self-contained.  Some dog breeds
are not allowed.  Max length is 40 feet.
Pillar Point RV Park
Half Moon Bay, CA   (I)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 25
Campground:  .  Lassen National Forest.Merrill Campground
Ventura, CA  (H)
Susanville, CA   (A)
Trail:  Merrill Campground is located in the Eagle Lake Recreation Area of the Lassen National
Forest.  There are five campgrounds in the recreation area, and they are all connected with a 5.2
mile paved biking trail.  
Campground:  .  Foster County Park.Foster Residence Campground
Trail:  Foster County Park is the trailhead for the .  This is a 9 mile trail which
connects to a network of trails.
Ojai Valley Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 26
Trail:  .  4.75 mile paved and is part of a regional trail system.Cherry Creek Trail
Aurora, CO   (G)
Colorado
Campground:  Cherry Creek State Park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 27
Carbondale, CO   (D)
Campground: . This is NOT a FHU campground; however, the
campground does offer (for a fee) a honeywagon service.
Carbondale – Crystal River KOA
Trail: The  runs right through the campground. The Crystal Valley Trail connects
with the .  The Rio Grande Trail is a 42 mile, hard-surfaced multi-use trail.
Crystal Valley Trail
Rio Grande Trail
Trail:  This campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 42 mile, hard-surfaced multi-
use trail.
Rio Grande Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Gateway RV Park
Carbondale, CO   (D)
Trail:  The campground is close to the .  This is a 9.3 mile paved multi-use
trail.  There are two ways to get to the trail from the campground. 
 
First, you can exit the neighborhood and turn left, heading up Revett Dr. At the end of the road,
turn right onto Tiger Rd, which will lead you to the intersection of Hwy 9 and Tiger Rd, where
you'll find a traffic light and crosswalk.
 
Alternatively, you can exit the neighborhood and turn right. Just past the dirt parking lot, you’ll
see a path that takes you through the field and under the bridge, providing direct access to the
rec path.
Blue River Bikeway
Campground:  .  RV Park.Tiger Run Resort
Breckenridge, CO  (E)  

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 28
Fruita, CO   (A)
Glenwood Springs, CO   (C)
Fruita, CO   (A)
Campground:  .  James M. Robb Colorado River State Park.Fruita Section Campground
Trail:  There are  throughout the five sections of the state park.multiple paved trails
Campground:  .  RV Park.Glenwood Canyon Resort
Trail:  The  runs right by the RV Park.  This trail is paved and is
16.3 miles long.
Glenwood Canyon Recreational Trail
Trail:  This campground is adjacent to the  which is a paved 2 mile loop.  This trail
does have connections to the 6th Avenue Trail and the Greater Clear Creek Trail.
Clear Creek Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Monument RV Resort
Campground:  .  City Park.Clear Creek RV Park
Trail:  The  is accessible from the campground.  This trail is a paved
asphalt and concrete trail which runs for 22 miles.
Colorado Riverfront Trail
Golden, CO   (F)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 29
Ophir, CO   (J)
Ridgway, CO   (I)
Trail:  There are 3 miles of paved .  You can also ride into the town of
Ridgway which is about 4 miles one way.
trails within the park
Trail:  The  can be accessed from the campground.  This rails-to-trail
route is not paved.  Some parks of the trail may be on roads.  It offers single track riding and is
open to hikers, bikers, and equestrians.  The Galloping Goose trail does connect to a paved trail
that goes to Telluride.  
Galloping Goose Trail #499
Campground:  .  Ridgway State Park.Pa-Co-Chu-Puk Campground
Campground: Chatfield State Park
Trail: The park has 26 miles of  with 12 of them being paved.bikes trails
Campground:  .Matterhorn.  Grand Mesa, Uncompahgre and Gunnison National Forest
Littleton, CO   (H)
Trail:  The campground is located right next to the .  This is a paved
asphalt and concrete trail which runs for 22 miles.
Colorado Riverfront Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Camp Eddy
Grand Junction, CO  (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 30
Bear, DE   (A)
Delaware
Campground:  .Lums Pond State Park
Trail:  There are trails within the park, including  (8.1 miles.)  There is also
easy access from the campground to the Michael N. Castle C & D Canal Trail.  
 is an 8.7 paved trail.
Little Jersey-Lums Pond
Michael N. Castle
Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 31
Rehoboth Beach, DE   (C)
Trail:  There are  within the park:  Assawoman Canal Trail (1 mile), Fred Hudson
Road Trail (1 miles), and Prickly Pear Trail (3.5 miles.) 
three bicycle trails
Campground:  .Delaware Seashore State Park
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  It is a paved trail and is
currently 12.7 miles.
Lewes-Georgetown trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Tall Pines Campground Resort
Lewes, DE   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 32
Chiefland, FL
Clermont, FL   (D)
Florida
Campground:  .Lake Louisa State Park
Trail:  There are 7 miles of  and 20 miles of unpaved, multi-use
trails for visitors to bike on.
paved roads to ride in the park
Campground:  .  Magnolia Campground.  State Park.Manatee Springs State Park
Trail:  The park provides a safe connection to the .  This is a rail trail and is 32
miles long.
Nature Coast Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 33
Hollywood, FL   (H)
Inverness, FL  (O)
Trail:  This park offers  and off-road trails.both paved
Campground: . Dan and I camped at Jonathon Dickinson State Park
when we attended St. Louis Cardinals Spring Training.
Jonathon Dickinson State Park
Related blog post: Jupiter – Jonathon Dickinson State Park
Campground:  .  County Park.Topeekeegee Yugnee Park Campground
Trail:  There is a 2 mile  in the park.paved walking and biking path
Trail:  This campground is located on the 
trail.  This is a 12 mile paved trail.
O'Leno State Park to Ichetucknee Springs State Park
Jupiter, FL   (F)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Moonshine Acres RV Park
Fort White, FL (B) 
Campground:  .  RV Park.The Cove Resort and Pub
Trail:  The  is about 2 miles from the campground.  There is a sidewalk
the entire way with most of the way being protected from the roadway with a metal barrier.  The
Withlacoochee State Trail is a 47 mile paved trail.
Withlacoochee State Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 34
Campground:   Campground.  County Park.John Prince Park
Trail:  A  circles the park.2 mile paved bike trail
Trail:  There is a 7 mile trail around the lake.  
Trail:  The resort has direct access to a 16  - Greenway State Park.  The resort also
has many single track mountain biking trails.
mile paved trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Bill Frederick Park at Turkey Lake
Orlando, FL   (E)
Trail:  There are .  There is the 2.9 mile paved Park Loop Trail, and
there is the 8.9 mile paved Black Creek Trail.
paved trails within the park
Campground:  .  RV Park.Whimcycle Trail Resort
Ocala, FL   (C)
Campground:  .  County Park.Larry & Penny Thompson Park Campground
Miami, FL   (I)
Lake Worth Beach, FL   (G)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 35
Panacea, FL (Q)
Trail:  The campground is located one block away from the .  The
Pinellas Trail is a 75 mile multi-use paved trail which goes from St. Petersburg to Tarpon Springs.
Fred Marquis Pinellas Trail
Trail:  The campground is located within 100 feet  of the .  The Pinellas
Trail is a 75 mile multi-use paved trail which goes from St. Petersburg to Tarpon Springs.
Fred Marquis Pinellas Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Bayside RV Resort & Marina
Trail:  The  is located right across the street from the resort. 
This is a system of connected trails which is currently 61 miles, and future plans will extend it to
120 miles.  The path goes all the way to Tallahassee, approximately 45 miles.
Capitol to the Sea Florida Bike Trail
Campground:  .Sherwood Forest RV Park
Palm Harbor, FL   (N)
Campground:  .Caladesi RV Park
Trail:  The campground is next to the .  This is an overlay on the
Florida Scenic Trail.  The trail goes around Lake Okeechobee.  It is 110 miles and is mostly paved. 
The remainder is gravel.
Lake Okeechobee Scenic Trail
Palm Harbor, FL   (N)
Campground:  .  City Park.  Call (561) 924-7832 for reservations.Pahokee Campground & Marina
Pahokee, FL  (K)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 36
Sanibel, FL (L)
Campground:  .  County Park.C.B. Smith Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is located directly on the .  The Pinellas Trail is a
75 mile multi-use paved trail which goes from St. Petersburg to Tarpon Springs.
Fred Marquis Pinellas Trail
Trail:  The RV park is located on the .  This is a system of
connected trails which is currently 61 miles, and future plans will extend it to 120 miles.  From the
RV park, the path goes all the way to Tallahassee, approximately 45 miles.
Capitol to the Sea Florida Bike Trail
Trail:  There is a  in the park which is approximately 2 miles.paved walking/jogging/biking trail
Campground:  . RV Park.The Oaks RV Resort and Motel
Campground:  .  RV Park.Periwinkle Park and Campground
Trail:  There are about 25  on Sanibel Island.miles of bike trails
Click  to read my blog post about biking on Sanibel Island.here
Campground:  .  RV Park.St. Petersburg-Madeira Beach KOA
St. Petersburg, FL   (M)
Pembroke Pines, FL   (J)
Panacea, FL (Q)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 37
Trail: . This park has a paved trail which leads to the
beach or to Campbell Lake. Outside the park, the  can be ridden to the town of
Seaside.  The Timpoochee Trail is a 38 mile paved trail.
Topsail Hill Preserve State Park Bike Trails
Timpoochee Trail
Trenton, FL  (P)
Campground: Topsail Hill Preserve State Park
Trail: Grayton Beach State Park has a through the forest. Right outside the
park is the  which can be ridden to the Village of South Walton Beach.  The
Timpoochee Trail is a 38 mile paved trail.
4.5 mile biking trail 
Timpoochee Trail
Santa Rosa Beach, FL   (A)
Campground: Grayton Beach State Park
Santa Rosa Beach, FL   (A)
Campground:  .  County Park.Otter Springs Park & Campground
Trail:  The campground's southern edge is close to the .  This is a 31.7 mile
paved rail trail.  Access to the trail is on country backroads.
Nature Coast Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 38
Georgia
Jekyll Island, GA   (B)
Campground:  .  Jekyll Island State Park
Trail:  There are  on the island.22 miles of bike trails
Rockmart, GA   (A)
Campground: .  RV Park.The Beautiful Rock Campground
Trail: The Silver Comet Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 39
Boise, ID   (A)
Idaho
Campground:  .  Boise Riverside RV Park
Trail:  .  This is a 25 mile paved path.Boise River Greenbelt
Cataldo, ID   (C)
Campground: .  RV Park.CDA River RV
Trail: .  This is a 73 mile paved asphalt trail.Trail of the Coeur d’Alenes

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 40
Kellogg, ID   (D)
Wallace, ID   (E)
Trail:  The campground is 400 feet from the .  This is a 73 mile paved
asphalt trail.  The campground is also close, though not direct access, to the 
.  
Trail of the Coeur d'Alenes
Route of the
Hiawatha
Plummer, ID   (B)
Thanks to Jim Black from Pennsylvania for emailing in this location!
Campground:  .  Heyburn State Park.Hawley's Landing Campground
Trail: . This is a 73 mile paved asphalt trail.Trail of the Coeur d'Alenes
Campground:  .  RV Park.  Call 208 753 7121 for reservations.Wallace RV Park
Campground:  .  RV Park.Crystal Gold Mine & RV Park
Trail:  The  is across the street from the campground.  This is a 73 mile
paved asphalt trail.
Trail of the Coeur d'Alenes

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 41
Benton, IL   (F)
Campground: The Rend Lake area, near Benton, Illinois, has a number of Army Corps of Engineers
campgrounds with full hook ups that connect to the Rend Lake Bike Trail.  ChambersontheRoad
blog posts include: ,  and . To reserve:South MarcumSouth SanduskyNorth Sandusky
www.recreation.gov
Illinois
Trail: .  It is over 20 miles long.
Related blog posts: Click on individual campground names listed above.
Rend Lake Bike Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 42
Carlyle, IL  (E)
Hartford, IL   (D)
Karnak, IL   (G)
Trail: Hennepin Canal State Trail
Campground:  5 Diamonds Campground.  RV Park.  429 Confluence Tower Dr.  Hartford, IL 
 62048     Phone:  (618) 257-8423
Campground:  .  City Park.Main Brothers Campground
Trail:  .  This paved or limestone trail is 20.5 miles.  Madison County Transit Confluence Trail
Trail: The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 45 mile crushed gravel
trail.
Tunnel Hill State Trail
Campground: .  RV Park.Geneseo Campground
Geneseo, IL   (B)
Campground:  . Army Corps of Engineers Campground.Dam West Campground
Trail:  The campground has access to the .  This is a 10.3 mile paved trail. 
This trail goes to town, but there is additional riding across the dam.  See the related blog post for
additional information.
Carlyle Lake Bike Trail
Related Blog Post:  Carlyle Lake Dam West

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 43
Sheffield, IL   (C)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Seven Eagles RV Resort & Campground
Trail:  .  Over 60 miles of paved trail.Mississippi River Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Hickory Grove Campground
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is an 80 mile asphalt and
crushed stone trail.
Hennepin Canal Trail
Savanna, IL   (A)   

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 44
Delphi, IN   (C)
Indiana
Campground:  .  County Park.Wabash & Erie Canal Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is located right on the Delphi  System.  There are 8 miles of
rural trails and 2 miles of street side trails.   The rural trails are dirt and can be a bit rough at
times, similar to mountain biking, though they are generally flat.  At times, I had to walk my bike. 
In one instance, it was because the trail was very rough, and in another the trail was very steep,
and I didn't feel comfortable riding down.  
Historic Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 45
North Vernon, IN   (E)
Shipshewana, IN  (D)
LaFayette, IN   (B)
Campground: Prophetstown State Park
Trail: .  Even though the website lists the bike trail as 3.5 miles
long, we rode 10 miles on the bike trail with minimal "repeating."  
3.5 mile bike trail in the state park
Campground:  .  County Park.Muscatatuck Park Campground
Trail:  The  is a one mile paved trail which goes into downtown North Vernon.  At
the intersection of 50 and 7, there is signage to take you to Tripton Park which has another 2.5
miles of paved trail.  There are also many mountain bike trails at Muscatatuck Park.
Muscatatuck Trail
Related blog post:  .Prophetstown State Park
Trail:  The  is a 3 mile paved trail which goes from Burdette Park to the
University of Southern Indiana.
USI Burdette Park Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Burdette Park Campground
Evansville, IN   (A)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Shipshewana RV Park & Service Center
Trail:  The campground is a one mile ride to the .  The ride goes through
a flea market and is on streets with sidewalks.  The Pumpkinvine Nature Trail is a 16 mile hard
surfaced trail.
Pumpkinvine Nature Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 46
Ackley, IA   (F)
Allison, IA   (E)
Iowa 
Campground:  .  City Park.Wilder Park
Trail:  There is a hard surfaced bike trail in the park which is connected to Rolling Prairie Bike
Trail.   is a 21 mile paved trail.  Rolling Prairie Bike Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.  You may want to consider messaging
the park through their Facebook page.  
Prairie Bridges Park Campground
Trail:  There are  within the city park.three miles of paved trails

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 47
Amana, IA   (K)
Anita, IA   (O)
Atlantic, IA   (P)
Campground: The offers full hook up sites.Amana RV Park & Event Center 
Trail: Information about the bike trail can be found here.
Related blog post:  are a fun place to visit. There are seven villages with lots
to offer, including a bike trail.
The Amana Colonies
Campground:  .Lake Anita State Park
Trail:  There is a paved 4 3/8 mile in the park.trail around the lake 
Trail:  The campground is right next to the . This is a 26 mile paved trail.Chichaqua Valley Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Schildberg Recreation Area Campground
Trail:  There is a 2.5 mile .hard surfaced trail within the park
Campground:   & Campground.  RV Park.Griff's Valley View RV Park
Altoona, IA   (L)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 48
Charles City, IA   (D)
Cedar Falls, IA   (H)
Trail: There is a 1.7 mile trail around Big Woods Lake. This trail is part of the 
which is 9.1 miles.
Big Woods Loop
Campground: .  County Park.Black Hawk Park Campground
Trail: The  passes through this campground. This trail is part of a larger 8.3
mile loop and connects with the Big Woods Trail and the Cedar Valley Lakes Trail.
Lone Tree Road Trail
Trail:  The campground is located directly on the .  This is a
paved asphalt trail of approximately 5 miles.
Charley Western Recreational Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.R Campground
Campground: .  County Park.Big Woods Lake Campground
Cedar Falls, IA   (H)
Campground:  .  This park is entirely first-come, first-serve basis.  The
Carroll Country Conservation Office phone number is (712) 792-4614.  The email address is
office@carrollcountryiowa.org.
Swan Lake State Park
Trail:  .  This is a 33 mile hard-surfaced multi-use trail. The trail's other end is in
Lake View, Iowa near Black Hawk State Park.
Sauk Rail Trail
Carroll, IA (N)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 49
Council Bluffs, IA   (Q)
Eldora, IA   (G)
Independence, IA   (I)
Mason City, IA   (C)
Campground:  Lake Manawa State Park
Campground:  .  County Park.Wanatee Park
Trail:  .  63 mile rail-to-trail.  Can be accessed at back of campground.Wabash Trace Trail
Trail:  .  68 miles of Rail-to-Trail.  52 miles crushed limestone.  16 miles of
paved asphalt.
Cedar Valley Nature Trail
Marion, IA   (J)
Campground:  .  County Park.Briggs Woods Park
Trail:  There is a 5.7  which goes into Webster City.paved trail in the park
Campground:  Pine Lake State Park
Campground:  .  City Park. 
This campground does not take reservations.  First Come, First Served.  (641) 421-3600.
MacNider Campground
Trail:  There is a 2.6 mile .paved trail within the park
Trail:  There are a couple miles of paved trails within .   the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 50
Okoboji, IA   (B)
Polk City, IA  (M)
Rock Valley, IA   (A)
Sioux Center, IA   (R)
Trail:  There is a 3  into Sioux Center from the campground.mile paved path
Campground:  .  County Park.  Rivers Bend Campground
Trail:  The  runs through the campground and connects to other trails in the area.  One trail is
about 2.9 miles; another is 0.9 miles long.  
trail
Trail:  The campground is located about 0.1 mile from the . 
This is a 14 mile hard surfaced trail which connects to other, shorter trails.
Iowa Great Lakes Recreational Trail
Trail:  There is bike riding within the campground and access to the .  This is a 26
mile paved asphalt.
Neal Smith Trail
Campground:  .  State Park.Emerson Bay State Recreation Area
Campground:  .  County Park.Sandy Hollow Campground & Recreation Area
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Prairie Flower Campground
Polk City, IA   (M)
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Cherry Glen
Trail:  The campground is connected to the .  This is a 26 mile paved asphalt trail.Neal Smith Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 51
El Dorado, KS   (C)
Melvern, KS   (B)
Topeka, KS  (A)
Kansas
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Outlet Campground
Trail:  There are  to ride.  trails within the campground
Campground:  .  El Dorado Lake and State Park.Walnut River Area
Trails:  The  is a paved 2.5 mile multi-use trail which connects the city to the
state park.  The state park does have some mountain biking trails.
El Dorado Linear Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Lake Shawnee Campground
Trail:  .  This is a 6.8 mile paved trail around the lake.Lake Shawnee Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 52
Lucas, KY   (B)
Grand Rivers, KY   (A)
Kentucky
Campground:  Tween the Lake RV Park & Campground.  RV Park.   (270) 252-6520.  831 Vulcan
Rd.  Grand Rivers, KY   42045
Trail:  This campground is adjacent to the .  This trail system has 15
miles of dirt single track, 6.5 miles of gravel and 2.2 miles of asphalt trails on public land use.  For
the latest information about trail system, check out their group page on Facebook. 
Livingston County Trail System
Campground:  .Barren River Lake State Park Resort
Trail:  There is a  within the park.2.5 mile paved loop

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 53
Delhi, LA   (A)
Louisiana
Campground:  .Poverty Point Reservoir State Park
Trail:  There is a bike path on the side of the road which goes around the lake.  It is six miles one
way, but it is not a loop.  So, there and back is 12 miles.
Mandeville, LA   (B)
Campground: Fontainbleau State Park
Trail: Tammany Trace Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 54
Maine
Saco, ME
Campground:  .  RV Park.Silver Springs Campground & Cottages
Trail:  The campground has direct access to the .  The Eastern Trail currently has 22
miles of off road trails; however, it is a work in progress.  From the campground going south, you
can ride 2.4 miles to the Thornton Academy in Saco before the trail shares a road.  From the
campground going north, you can ride 8.8 mile to Black Point Road in Scarborough before the trail
shares a road.
Eastern Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 55
Eastham, MA   (A)
Brewster, MA   (B)
Massachusetts
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sweetwater Forest Camping Resort
Trail:  .  25 miles of paved trail.Cape Cod Rail Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Atlantic Oaks Campground
Trail:  .  25 miles of paved trail.Cape Code Rail Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 56
Michigan
Empire, MI   (E)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Indigo Bluffs RV Park & Resort
Trail:  .  27 mile hard surfaced trail.
Note:  To get to the trail from the campground, it is a 3 mile hilly ride.  Go west out of the parking
lot and follow M-72 which has a paved bike shoulder to Frederickson Road.  This is an old farm
road; paved but no traffic.  This will dead-end into M22.  Go left for maybe 100 yards then a slight
right at the intersection of 109.  The trail is across the street.
Sleeping Bear Dunes Heritage Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 57
Harbor Beach, MI   (P)   
Hart, MI   (H)
Holland, MI   (K)
Campground:  .  Holland State Park. Beach Campground
Campground: .  City Park.John Gurney Park
Campground:  .  City Park.North Park Campground
Trail: This campground has direct access to the which runs for 22 miles. Hart-Montague Trail 
Trail: The  is a non-motorized trail which connects the campground to
downtown, the beach and other parks.  The trail is currently 2 miles long, but there are plans to
expand the trail.
Harbor View Trail
Related Post: .  Pentwater is a wonderful town near Hart.Pentwater Pastimes
Trail:  .  This is a 20 mile paved trail which connects Holland State Park with Grand
Haven State Park.  Holland has numerous bike paths.  One day, we rode 20 miles out and back in
one direction.  Another day, we rode 15 miles out and back in another direction.  However, much
of the trail we rode ran parallel to a main road, so most of the time there was traffic noise.
Lakeshore Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 58
Campground:  .  City Park.City of Houghton RV Park
Houghton, MI   (A)
Trail: This park has a .  Beyond the paved trail is a gravel trail which is a former
railroad grade and goes for many more miles.
4 mile paved trail
Holly, MI   (O)
Campground:  .  County Park.Groveland Oaks County Park
Trail:  The   is a mile long. It is accessed by the day parking lot and traveling on
unpaved roads.   There are also paved paths throughout the park.
Thread Creek Trail
Trail:  .  This is a 20 mile paved trail which connects Holland State Park with Grand
Haven State Park.   Holland has numerous bike paths. One day, we rode 20 miles out and back in
one direction. Another day, we rode 15 miles out and back in another direction. However, much of
the trail we rode ran parallel to a main road, so most of the time there was traffic noise.
Lakeshore Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Oak Grove Resort & Campground
Holland, MI   (K)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 59
Marquette, MI   (C)
Ludington, MI   (F)
Trail:  There is a one mile paved scenic trail within the city park; however, the campground is
located 4 miles from Ludington State Park.
Campground:  .  City Park.Cartier Park
Trail:  The  runs through the park.  This is a 6.9 mile paved trail.  Apple Blossom Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Marquette Tourist Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a paved 12 mile
trail.
Marquette City Multi Use Trail
Trail:  There is a paved trail around the lake in the park which is about one mile.  The park also
has easy access to the .  This is a paved asphalt trail which is
currently 24 miles.  There is a connection to the Kalamazoo Valley River Trail from Markin Glen. 
The connection is about 500 yards of gravel.   Also, the Kalamzoo Vally River Trail connects to the
Kal Haven Trail.
Kalamazoo Valley River Trail
Campground:  .Markin Glen County Park
Kalamazoo, MI   (M)
Campground:  .  City Park.Klint Safford Memorial RV Park
Iron River, MI   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 60
Muskegon, MI   (J)
Paris, MI   (G)
Petoskey, MI   (D)
Campground:  .  City Park.Trailway Campground
Trail:  .  22 mile paved bicycle trail.Hart-Montague Trail
Campground:  .Sterling State Park
Campground:  .  RV Park.Duck Creek RV Resort
Trails:  There are over 7 miles of paved .trails within the state park
Trail:  .  This is an 11.5 mile paved trail which goes from Muskegon
to Hart.  The campground has a short connector trail to the Fred Meijer Berry Junction Trail.
Fred Meijer Berry Junction Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Magnus Park Campground
Trail:  .  This is a 26 mile paved bike path.Grand Traverse Wheelway
Campground:  .  County Park.Paris Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a  92 mile linear state park
which is mostly asphalt except for a 22 mile section which is hard packed gravel.
White Pine Trail
Montague, MI   (I)
Monroe, MI   (N)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 61
South Haven, MI   (L)
Trail:  .  33 mile limestone/slag surface.  The trail rests on an abandoned railroad
bed.
Kal-Haven Trail
South Haven, MI   (L)
Trail:  .  33 mile limestone/slag surface.  The trail rests on an abandoned railroad
bed.
Kal-Haven Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Kal-Haven RV Park & Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Kal-Haven Outpost
Trail:  The , a 26 mile paved bike path, is across the street from the
resort.  You have to cross Highway 31 which can be a busy road.  However, you can see far in each
direction, and the resort reports guests have no trouble crossing.
Grand Traverse Wheelway
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sun Outdoors Petoskey Bay Harbor
Petoskey, MI   (D)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 62
Cannon Falls, MN   (G)
Campground:  .  County Park.Lake Byllesby Regional Park
Trail:  There is a paved trail in the park which leads to the .  The Cannon
Valley Bikeway is a paved 19.7 mile trail.
Cannon Valley Bikeway
Minnesota

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 63
Duluth, MN   (F)
East Grand Forks, MN   (A)
Gilbert, MN   (D)
Trail:  Direct access to the .  The Mesabi Trail is a 150 mile paved trail.Mesabi Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.West Forty RV Park & Campground
Gilbert, MN   (D)
Trail:  There is a short unpaved connector trail from the campground entrance to the . 
The Mesabi Trail is a 150 mile paved trail.
Mesabi Trail
Trail:  The recreation area is just a short walk or bike ride to town with shopping and a paved bike
trail.
Campground:  .  State Park.Red River State Recreation Area
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sherwood Forest Campground
Campground:  .  City Park.  Call (218) 628-4977 for reservations.Indian Point Campground
Trail:  There is a 7  which runs through the campground.mile paved bike path
Trail:  The campground is located at the  trailhead.  The Willard Munger
(Hinckley-Duluth) trail is a 70 mile paved asphalt trail.
Willard Munger State Trail
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Crosslake  Recreation Area
Crosslake, MN   (C)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 64
Madison Lake, MN   (K)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sakatah Trail Campground
Park Rapids, MN   (N)
Lanesboro, MN   (I)
Trail:  .   39 mile paved trail on an abandoned rail road grade.Sakatah Singing Hills State Trail
Grand Marais, MN   (E)
Trail: This campground has bike trail connections to the  state trail.  When completed,
this will be an 86 mile paved trail.  There are currently several sections completed, totaling 33
miles.
Gitchi-Gami
Campground:  Heartland Trailside RV Camping.  RV Park.  218-252-0044.
Campground: .  City Park.Grand Marais Campground and Marina
Campground:  .  RV Park.Eagle Cliff Campground and Lodging
Trail:  .  The Root River and Harmony-Preston Valley State Bike Trail system
combine to provide over 60 miles of paved trails.
Root River Trail
Trail:  .  49 mile multi-use trail on an abandoned railroad grade.Heartland State Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 65
Prior Lake, MN   (L)
Wadena, MN   (M)
Preston, MN   (J)
Campground:  .  This is part of Mystic Lake Casino.Dakotah Meadows Campground
Trail:  This campground is 0.6 miles from  where there are 3 miles of
paved trails.  These trails connect to the  which is another 12.4 miles of
paved trails.
Spring Lake Regional Park
Big Woods Regional Trail
Trail:  In the park, is the .  This is a 3 1/2 mile paved bike trail.Leaf River Bike Trail
Trail: .  The Root River and Harmony-Preston Valley State Bike Trail system
combine to provide over 60 miles of paved trails.
Root River Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.  Call (218) 631-7707 to make
reservations.
Sunnybrook Park & Campground
Trail:  .  The Root River and Harmony-Preston Valley State Bike Trail system
combine to provide over 60 miles of paved trails.
Root River Trail
Campground: .  RV Park.Old Barn Resort
Campground:  .  City Park.Peterson RV Campground
Peterson, MN   (H)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 66
Trail:  The campground is located directly on the .  The Heartland Trail
connects with the , and you can ride on that all the way to Bemidji.
Heartland State Trail
Paul Bunyon State Trail
Walker, MN  (B)
Campground:  .Trails RV Park
Walker, MN   (B)
Campground:  .  Walt's Hidden Acres RV Park
Trail:  The campground is located near the .  This is a 49 mile multi use trail. 
The Heartland Trail connects with the  which is 115 miles long.  To get to
the trail, you can leave from the campground onto our county road for about a block or so and
take a right onto another a road for about 1/8 of a mile to connect to the trail. Neither road is very
busy. Or you can take our county road for about a mile and connect right onto the trail.
Heartland State Trail
Paul Bunyon State Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 67
Trail: There is a bike trail which runs from the Washington Street Pier in Bay St. Louis, through
Buccaneer State park, and ends near the Waveland Pier.
Campground:  .  Buccaneer State Park
Waveland, MS
Mississippi

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 68
Missouri
Branson, MO   (J)
Related blog post: Branson Bound and Budgeted
Trail: The  starts at the park’s marina, travels along the shore of Table Rock Lake,
and ends at the Dewey Short Visitor Center. It is a paved, mostly flat trail.
Lakeshore Trail
Campground: .  Reservations for Missouri State Parks can be made a year in
advance.
Table Rock State Park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 69
Defiance, MO   (E)
Related blog post:  .6 Things to do at Johnson Shut-Ins
Campground:  .  Beyond the Trail RV Park
Campground: Greenville Recreation Area.  Army Corps of Engineers campground. The
campground is the site of much history – the old town of Greenville, a Civil War battle, and the
Trail of Tears. To reserve:   www.recreation.gov
Lesterville, MO   (I)
Trail:  .  This is a 240 mile, crushed limestone surface trail, across Missouri.The Katy Trail
Greenville, MO   (H)
Trail: There is a two mile  into Greenville. The path also goes along the edge of the
campground and the river.
bike trail
Related post: Greenville Trail to Town
Campground:  Johnson's Shut-Ins State Park
Trail:  .  This is a 3.15 mile paved trail in the park.Black River Trail System
Trail:  The  is right behind the campground.  This is a ten mile paved trail.Cape LaCroix Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Cape Camping & RV Park
Cape Girardeau, MO   (F)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 70
Smithville, MO   (A)
St. Charles, MO   (D)
Trail: There is a  which goes around the lake at the campground and into St. Peters.bike trail
Related blog post: A Tale of Two Bike Trails
Campground: .  RV Park.Sundermeier RV Park
Trail:  is a Missouri State Park which is right behind the campground.  The Katy Trail
runs across the state of Missouri.  There is lots of bike riding in the area.  The 
can also be accessed via Olive Street from the Katy Trail.  There is also a connecting trail from the
Katy Trail to .  
The Katy Trail
Boshcert Greenway
Creve Coeur Lake Park
Campground: .  City Park.  Located in St. Charles County, not far from Main
Street St. Charles and the Katy Trail.
370 Lakeside Park
St. Peters, MO   (C)
Trail:  .  This is a 240 mile, crushed limestone surface trail across Missouri.The Katy Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.The Katy Roundhouse
Campground:  .  County Park.Smith's Fork Campground
New Franklin, MO   (B)
Trail:  There is a paved trail within the park.  There is also a natural/gravel surface trail which
connects to the Clay County Parks Trail.  This is about 3 miles.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 71
Wappapello, MO   (G)
Wappapello, MO   (G)
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.  Redman Creek Recreation Area
Trail:  There is a 3.2 mile paved trail which runs from Peoples Creek boat ramp to Redman Creek
Campground East.  This trail contains some very steep hills near the Redman Creek side.  In fact,
one hill I could not get up on my ebike of 750 watts even though the battery was nearly fully
charged.
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Peoples Creek
Trail: There is a 3.2 mile paved trail which runs from Peoples Creek boat ramp to Redman Creek
Campground East.  This trail contains some very steep hills near the Redman Creek side.  In fact,
one hill I could not get up on my ebike of 750 watts even though the battery was nearly fully
charged.
Trail:  Through the back of the campground, you can enter a neighborhood, ride on a sidewalk all
the way to Bike Trail #1 which eventually connects to the .   Check
Google Maps or ask in the campground office for directions.  This is approximately a 6 mile ride,
one way.  The bike trail is currently being expanded and will run very close to the campground. 
Access to the trail from the campground is currently being investigated.
Fulbright Spring Greenway Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Cooks RV Motor Park
Springfield, MO   (K)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 72
Campground: .  This campground is located near where the Katy Trail and the
Rock Island Spur meet.
Farrington City Park
Trail:  and .  The Katy Trail is a 240 mile, crushed limestone
surface trail, across Missouri.
Katy Trail State ParkRock Island Spur
Windsor, MO   (L)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 73
Montana
Great Falls, MT
Campground:  .Great Falls RV Park
Trail:  The  starts right outside the campground.  There are miles of paved trail. River's Edge Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 74
Atkinson, NE   (B)
Beatrice, NE   (F)
Ashland, NE   (E)
Campground:  .  James M. Robb Colorado River State Park.Little Creek Campground
Nebraska
Trail:  There are 3 miles of paved trails .within the park
Campground:  .Oregon Trail RV Park
Campground:  .  City Park.Chautauqua Park Campground
Trail: . 187 miles Rail-to-Trail crushed limestone.The Cowboy Trail
Trail:  The City of Beatrice maintains over  suitable for bike riding.  In addition,
there are numerous trails outside the city limits.
ten miles of trails

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 75
Kearney, NE   (G)
Omaha, NE   (D)
Scottsbluff, NE   (H)
South Sioux City, NE   (C)
Campground:  .  Lake Cunningham.East C Campground
Trail:  There is a 6.2 mile .  You can ride to the trail from the
campground.
paved trail around Lake Cunningham
Campground:  .  City Park.  Reservations are not made online.  To make a
reservation, call 402-494-7531.
Scenic Park Campground
Trail:  The paved trail in Scenic Park is about 3/4 of a mile; however, the trail connects to a 13
mile loop which goes around .South Sioux City
Campground:  .  City Park.Riverside Campground
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the Monument Valley Pathway.  This is a 7.1 .paved trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Kearney RV Park & Campground
Trail:   can be accessed from the campground.  It is 0.8 miles straight down E.
1st Street which does have a sidewalk.  Pioneer's Path Trail is a 3.8 paved pathway which
connects to the Kearney 13 mile bike trail system.
Pioneer's Path Trail
Thanks to my friend and fellow blogger, Julia Tousignant for emailing in this location!
 Check out her blog at Twosnatravels.com

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 76
Valentine, NE   (A)
Campground: .  RV Park.  
702 E C St.  Valentine, NE  69201.   Call (402) 376-1771 for reservations.
Wacky West Travel Park
Trail: . This is a 187 miles Rail-to-Trail crushed limestone.The Cowboy Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 77
Boulder City, NV
Nevada
Campground:  .  Lake Mead National Recreation Area.Lake Mead RV Village at Boulder Beach
Trail:  
Note:  The River Mountains Loop Trail is approximately 34 miles long.  The trail is both paved and
concrete and is 12 feet wide.
River Mountains Loop Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 78
New Hampshire
Franconia, NH   (A)
Campground:  .  Franconia Notch State Park.  Note:  There are a limited
number of RV sites available.
Cannon Mountain RV Park
Trail:  The RV campground is located about 150 yards from the .  This is
a 8.7 mile paved bike path.
Franconia Notch Bike Path

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 79
Trail:  This campground has direct access to the .  This is a 21 mile rail trail.  The
surface is varied - asphalt, ballast, cinder, crushed stone, and dirt.  It is a six mile ride into the
town of Keene.
Ashuelot Rail Trail
Thanks to Jim Black from Pennsylvania for emailing in this location!
Campground:  .  RV Park.Ashuelot River Campground
Swanzey, NH   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 80
New Jersey
Bayville, NJ   (A)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Cedar Creek Campground
Trail:  The campground has direct access to The Historic .  This is a 15.6
mile rail trail.  The rail bed is comprised of stone dust.
Barnegat Branch Rail Trail
Thanks to Jim Black from Pennsylvania for emailing in this location!

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 81
Campground:  .  RV Park.Beachcomber Camping Resort
Trail:  The  is right across the street from the campground.  The Cold Spring
Bike Path is a paved 2.7 mile trail which connects with the paved Middle Township Bike Path
which is 8.9 miles.   These trails will take you from Historic Cold Spring Village to Cape May County
Park and Zoo.
Cold Spring Bike Path
Cape May, NJ   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 82
Croton-on-Hudson, NY   (H)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Red Rocks Ponds RV Resort
Holley, NY   (A)
New York
Trail:  .  This is a 750 mile trail.  Empire State Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Croton Point Park Campground
Trail:  There is a 2.5 mile paved trail which begins right outside  and goes to Senasqua
Park.
the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 83
Glenville, NY  (E)
Lake George, NY (F)
Lake George, NY   (F)
Lake George, NY (F)
Trail:  .  This is a 750 mile trail.Empire State Trail
Fayetteville, NY   (D)
Campground:  Green Lakes State Park
Campground:  . Lake George RV Park
Trail:  There are 3 miles of trails within the RV Park.  These trails connect with the 
 which is a 9.4 mile multi-use trail. 
Warren County
Trail System
Campground:  .  RV Park.Arrowhead Marina & RV Park
Trail:  The campground is a 0.7 mile ride to the .  This is a 37.2 mile
paved trail.
Mohawk Hudson Bikeway
Campground:  .  RV Park.King Phillip's Campground
Trail:  Right outside the campground is the .  This is a 9.4 mile paved trailWarren County Bikeway
Campground:  .  RV Park.Whippoorwill Motel and Campground
Trail:  The campground has access to the  which is a 9.4 mile multi-
use trail.
Warren County Trail System

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 84
Schaghticoke, NY   (G)
Trail:  .  750 mile trail.Empire State Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Adventure Bound Camping Resort at Deer Run
Trail:  .  750 mile trail.Empire State Trail
Trail: . This is a 750 mile trail trail.Empire State Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.  Whispering Winds Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Red's Twilight on the Erie RV Resort
Newark, NY   (C)
Macedon, NY   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 85
North Carolina
Asheville, NC
Campground:  .  Wilson's Riverfront RV Park
Trail:  The  runs right though the campground.  This paved trail is
part of a regional trail system.
French Broad River Greenway

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 86
Butler, OH   (D)
Cincinnati, OH   (A)
Ohio
Campground:  .River Trail Crossing RV Park
Trail:  The  is a paved 18.4 mile trail which is directly across the street
from the campground.
Richland B & O Bike Trail
Campground:  .  County park.Winton Woods Campground
Trail:  There is a 2.6 mile .paved trail within the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 87
Geneva, OH   (E)
Trail:  .  There are between 3 and 4 miles of improved surface trail in the park
that are good for bike riding. The trails are a combination of paved and crushed stone trails.
Cemetery Bay and Eagle Trail are both crushed stone. Woodland trail and part of Beach Trail are
paved. The three trails are connected and you would be able to ride a bike from the SR 542
trailhead on Cemetery Bay to the other end of Woodland Trail for a 3 mile ride one way.
Atwood Lakes Trails
Xenia, OH   (B)
Lakeview, OH   (C)
Mineral City, OH   (F)
Trail:  There is a  in the park, located on the West Bank.3.5 paved multi-use trail
Campground:  .Indian Lake State Park
Campground:  .  Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District.Atwood Lake Park Campground
Campground:  .  County Park.  Caesar Ford Park
Trail:  The Xenia-Jamestown Connector goes through the park.  The 
is an 18 mile paved trail which connects to three other trails:  , 
, and .
Xenia-Jamestown Connector
Little Miami Scenic TrailCreekside
TrailOhio-to-Erie Trail
Campground:  .Geneva State Park
Trail:  There is a 2 mile .paved trail in the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 88
Edmond, OK   (A)
Campground:  .  Arcadia Lake.  City Park.Central State Park Campground
Trail:  There is a 1.5 mile paved trail starting near the park office.
Trail:  There is a  within the park.3 mile multi-use paved trail
Campground:  .  Choctaw and Seminole Campgrounds have FHU.Sequoyah State Park
Hulbert, OK   (D)
Trail:  Sequoyah Paved Trail  This is a 3.4 mile (out and back) paved trail which begins at the
nature center.
Braggs, OK   (E)
Oklahoma
Campground:  .Greenleaf State park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 89
Sand Springs, OK   (B)
Tulsa, OK   (C)
Tulsa, OK  (C)
Tulsa, OK  (C)
Trail:  Keystone Lake Loop.  This is a 2 mile, mostly paved, loop around the lake.  The part that is
not paved is crushed stone.
Campground:  .  RV Park.Cherry Hill Mobile Home & RV Park
Trail:  Adjacent to .  This is a 8 mile hard surface trail with connections
to a regional trail system.
River Parks West Bank Trail
Campground:  .Keystone State Park
Sand Springs, OK   (B)
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers. Brush Creek Park Campground
Trail:  There is a 1 mile asphalt paved trail adjacent to the campground.
Campground:  .  RV Park.Honcho RV Park
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to several trails which lead into downtown Tulsa:  
.  
The New
block, the Riverside and the Katy Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.West Bend RV Outpost
Trails:  The campground is located on a bike trail which connects to a regional trail system.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 90
Trail:  The state park has a multi-use paved trail which is 1.5 miles in length.
Vian, OK   (F)
Campground: .TenKiller State Park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 91
Buxton, OR   (C)
Diamond Lake, OR  (E)
Campground: L.L. Stub Stewart State Park
Trail: .  Paved 21 mile trail.Banks-Vernonia State Trail
Oregon
Campground:  .  RV Park.Diamond Lake RV Park
Trail:  There is a 12 mile .  paved trail around the lake

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 92
Vernonia, OR   (B)
Trail:  .  Paved 21 mile trail.Banks-Vernonia State Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Anderson Park
Campground:  .Champoeg State Park
Trail:  There is a 3.7 paved .trail from the park to the town of Butteville
Campground:  . Fort Stevens State Park
Newberg, OR   (D)
Trail:  There is a bike trail system within the park.  
Campground:  .  RV Park.Astoria-Warrenton-Seaside KOA
Hammond, OR  (A)
Trail:  This campground is directly across from  where there is a bike trail
system.
Fort Stevens State Park
Hammond, OR  (A)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 93
Connellsville, PA   (C)
Erie, PA   (A)
Pennsylvania
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sara's Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.The Blue Canoe RV Resort
Trail:  The  runs adjacent to the campground.  This is a 150 mile trail
which is crushed limestone.  There are a few short sections which are paved.
Great Allegheny Passage
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 13.5 mile paved trail in
Presque Isle State Park.
Presque Isle Bike Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 94
Jonestown, PA
Trail:  There is a  around the perimeter of the campground.  There are also
mountain biking trails in the park.
2.3 mile multi-use trail
Sandy Lake, PA  (B) 
York, PA  (E)
Campground:  .Prince Gallitzin State Park
Patton, PA   (D)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Indian Rock Campground
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 27 mile rail trail.York Heritage Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Goddard Park Vacationland Campground
Trail:  There is a 12 mile paved trail around the lake at  which is
located nearby.  It is a 0.5 mile ride to the trailhead.
Maurice K. Goddard State Park
Campground:  Jonestown/Hershey NE KOA Journey
Trail:  The campground is located right at the .  This is a 10 mile multi-surface
trail; some parts are gravel.  The trail does intersect the Bear Hole Trail.
Swatara Rail Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 95
Murrells Inlet, SC   (B)
Charleston, SC   (A)
Campground: Huntington Beach State Park
Trail: Waccamaw Neck Bikeway
South Carolina
Campground:  .  County Park.James Island County Park and Campground
Trails:  There are 4 miles of paved trails within the park.  These trails do not connect with other
trails; although, there are trails in the city of Charleston (West Ashley Greenway.)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 96
Custer, SD  (B)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Buffalo Ridge Camp Resort
Trail: . This is a crushed limestone and gravel trail which is 109 miles.George S. Mickelson Trail
Custer, SD   (B)
South Dakota
Campground:  .  RV Park.Echo Valley Park
Trail:  The campground is located 0.3 miles from the .  This is a crushed
limestone and gravel trail which is 109 miles.
George S. Mickelson Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 97
Hill City, SD   (C)
Hill City, SD   (C)
Trail:  .  Crushed limestone and gravel trail.  109 miles.George S. Mickelson Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Larsson's Crooked Creek RV Resort
Trail:  The  passes through the resort.   This is a crushed limestone and
gravel trail which goes on for 109 miles.
George S. Mickelson Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Black Hills Trailside Park Resort
Trail: . Crushed limestone and gravel trail. 109 miles.George S. Mickelson Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.  
 918 2nd Ave.  Edgemont, SD  57735  (605) 891-9728
Edgemont Campground
Edgemont, SD   (A)
Trail:  The  is right across the street from the campground.George S. Mickelson Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Fort Welikit Family Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Whistler Gulch Campground and RV Park
Deadwood, SD   (E)
Custer, SD   (B)
Trail: The campground is located 0.75 miles down a country road from the 
. This is a crushed limestone and gravel trail which is 109 miles.  
George S. Mickelson
Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 98
Hill City, SD   (C)
Sioux Falls, SD   (G)   
Trail:    is paved and runs through downtown and Falls Park.  26 miles. 
It is located just a few blocks from the campground.  The campground office has a map of how to
get there.
Sioux Falls Recreation Trail
Spearfish, SD (F)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Tower Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Spearfish City Campground
Trail:  .  This is a 7.5 mile path which links the campground to city parks.Spearfish Recreation Path
Campground:  .  RV Park.  For info and reservations, call (605) 574-2527.Rafter J Bar Ranch
Trail:  .  Crushed limestone and gravel trail.  109 miles.George S. Mickelson Trail
Trail:  This campground is adjacent to the .  This is a crushed limestone
and gravel trail which goes on for 109 miles.
George S. Mickelson Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Whitetail Creek Resort
Lead, SD   (D)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 99
Tennessee
Townsend, TN
Townsend, TN
Campground:  .  RV Park. Mountaineer Campground
Trail:  The campground is right next to the .   This is a paved 10 mile trail
which runs along both sides of the Little River and the main road.  To get to the trail on the other
side, there are two tunnels which cross under the main road.  To get to the tunnel closest to the
campground, turn right out of the campground.  The tunnel is up just a bit, right past the IGA
which sits down from the trail.  The other tunnel is at the far end of the trail.
Townsend Historical Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Townsend-Great Smokies KOA
Trail:  The campground is right next to the .  This is a paved 10 mile trail
which runs along both sides of the Little River.
Townsend Historical Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 100
Bastrop, TX   (E)
Texas
Campground:  .Bastrop State Park
Trail:  The state park contains 4.5 miles of paved trails.  These trails are called the "
" and they loop around in the north part of the park.  There is additional bike riding; however,
it is on park roads.  There is a scenic park back road which is 12 miles and hilly; it takes you to
Buescher State Park.
Tree Army
Trails
Thanks to my friend and fellow blogger, Julia Tousignant for emailing in this location! 
 Check out her blog at .Twosnatravels.com

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 101
Edna, TX   (F)
Grapevine, TX   (C)
Kerrville, TX   (B)
Goliad, TX   (G)
Campground:  .  City Park.Kerrville-Schreiner Park Campground
Campground:  .  County Park.Brackenridge Park & Campground
Campground:  .  City Park.The Vineyards Campground and Cabins
Trail:  The  begins at the park.  This is a 6 mile paved trail.Kerrville River Trail
Trail:  There is a 5 mile  within the park.  This is a white crushed gravel, multi-
use trail.  
Hike and Bike Trail
Campground:  .Goliad State Park
Trail:  One can ride out of the campground on wide sidewalks to Oak Grove Park.  At the park is
.  This trail is a paved 3.5 mile trail; however, it connects to other trails.  A loop
ride from the campground and back on these trails is about 14 miles.  The city of  also
has a number of bike trails.  
Big Bear Creek Trail
Grapevine
Related blog post:  .Raisins or Wine
Trail:  .  2.5 miles. Angel of Goliad Hike and Bike Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 102
Paris, TX  (D)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Traveler's World
Trail:  The campground is located along the .   From the campground, you can
ride the trail 5 miles into the downtown area along the San Antonio River.  Or you can ride 5 miles
in the other direction to several of the Missions.  The Acequia Park Trail connects to other trails in
the area.  
Acequia Park Trail
San Antonio, TX   (A)
Campground:  .  Love Civic Center
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the . (NETT)  This trail is a 132 mile
rail trail. The section from Paris to Blossom, Texas is paved and is about 8.6 miles.
North East Texas Trail
Related blog post:  Mission Accomplished

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 103
Utah
Bryce Canyon, UT   (C)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Ruby's Inn RV Park & Campground
Trail:  Right outside the RV park is the .  This is a 5 mile paved
trail.  In addition, there is an 18 
.  Both of these trails are multi-use shared trails for non-motorized transportation.
Bryce Canyon paved multi use trail
mile paved path which connects Red Canyon with Inspiration
point
Thank you to David Kutz of Kingston, Washington, for emailing in this location!

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 104
Moab, UT  (B)
North Salt Lake, UT   (A)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sun Outdoors Salt Lake City
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 45 mile paved trail.Jordan River Parkway Trail
Washington, UT  (E)
Trail:  You can ride your bike from the campground to Zion National Park.  In the park is the 
 which is a 3.5 mile round trip paved trail. You are also allowed to ride on the park roads.
Pa'rus
Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Zion Canyon Campground & RV Resort
Springdale, UT   (D)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sun Outdoors North Moab
Trail:  There is an 8.5 mile paved trail right outside the campground.  
Campground:  .  RV Park.Settler's Point Luxury RV Resort
Trail:  There are miles of paved trails accessible right from the campground.  Check out the
.location on Google Maps

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 105
Danville, VT   (B)
Burlington, VT   (A)
Vermont
Campground:  .  City Park.North Beach Campground
Trail:  Burlington Greenway Bike path.  The  is 8 miles of paved path.  It it
part of the  which is a 14 mile trail along Lake Champlain.
Burlington Greenway
Island Line Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Sugar Ridge RV Village & Campground
Trail:  A short trail from the campground leads to the .  This is a packed
gravel surface trail of 93 miles.
Lamoille Valley Rail Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 106
Cape Charles, VA  (F)
Campground:  .Kiptopeke State Park
Trail:  The main park road has a designated area for biking.  Right outside the park, there is a 5
mile  .  You can ride to this paved bike trail from the campground.  There are other
natural surface bike trails within the park.
biking trail
Cape Charles, VA   (F)
Virginia
Campground:  .  RV Park.Cape Charles-Chesapeake Bay KOA Resort
Trail:  There are miles of paved biking trails which can be accessed by riding on a road for 0.2
miles, including the .  This is a paved 5 mile trail.Southern Tip Hike and Bike Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 107
Trail:  The .  To get to the trail from the campground, ride down to Orchard
Hill Road and go about 1,000 feet.  Orchard Hill Road is a gravel residential road.
Virginia Creeper Trail
Thanks to Tony C. from Detroit, Michigan for emailing in this location!
Trail:  Easy access to .  57 mile linear park on an abandoned railroad.New River Trail State Park
Campground:  .Camp Burson.  Hungry Mother State Park
Trail:  The  is two blocks from the campground's entrance.  This is a 34 mile
rail to recreation trail.  
Virginia Creeper Trail
Trail:  There are a number of biking trails within .Hungry Mother State Park
Thanks to Tony C. from Detroit, Michigan for emailing in this location!
Marion, VA   (C)
Fries, VA   (D)
Campground:  .Fries New River Trail RV Park
Campground:  .  Laurel Creek RV Park
Damascus, VA   (A)
Campground:  .  Damascus Creekside RV Park
Damascus, VA   (A)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 108
Trail: Virginia Capitol Bike Trail
Campground: .  County ParkChickahominy Riverfront Park Campground
Williamsburg, VA   (E)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Creeper Trail Campground
Trail:  .  This is a 34 mile rail to recreational trail.The Virginia Creeper Trail
Thank you to Tony W. from Detroit, Michigan for emailing in this location!
Whitetop, VA   (B)

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 109
Easton, WA   (D)
Issaquah, WA  (C)
Campground:  Lake Easton State Park
Trail: There is a 6 mile trail in the park which connects to the 
.  The Palouse to Cascades State Park Trail  is a 250 mile trail with vary surfaces.  The state is
working to improve the surface of the trail.
Palouse to Cascades State Park
Trail
Washington
Campground:  .  RV Park.Issaquah Village RV Park
Trail:  The  runs in front of the park.  The East Lake Sammamish Trail is
an 11 mile trail but is part of a 44 mile regional trail corridor.
East Lake Sammamish Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 110
Port Townsend, WA  (B)
Trail: The state park has access to the .  The Olympic Discovery Trail is a
130 mile trail which is mostly paved.  
Olympic Discovery Trail
Spokane, WA  (E)
Sequim, WA   (A)
Campground: Sequim Bay State Park
Trail:  The campground is located on E. Appleway Avenue about 1.1 mile from the Liberty Lake
State Trail Line.  This is a 1.8 mile paved trail.  E. Appleway is a four lane road; however, there is
sidewalk the whole way.  The Liberty Lake State Trail line then takes you to .  This
is a 30 mile paved trail.
Centennial Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.Liberty Lake RV Campground
Liberty Lake, WA   (F)
Campground:  .  Riverside State Park.  Note:  The number of full hook
up sites is limited, but there are sites with partial hook ups.
Bowl & Pitcher Campground
Trail:  The campground connects to the .   The Centennial Trail is a 37 mile paved
trail.
Centennial Trail
Campground:  .  Beach Campground. Fort Worden Historical State Park
Trail:  There are 8.3 miles of .  The trails are a combination of paved
and dirt.
biking trails within the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 111
Spokane, WA  (E)
Campground:  Spokane KOA Journey
Wenatchee, WA
Wenatchee, WA
Trail:  The campground is located very close to the .  The Centennial Trail is a 37
mile paved trail.
Centennial Trail
Campground:  Lincoln Rock State Park
Trail:  From the campground, you can ride the  to the 
.  The Rocky Reach Trail is a 5 mile paved trail which connects to the Apple Capitol
Recreation Loop Trail.  The Apple Capitol Recreation Loop Trail is a 10 mile paved trail.
Rocky Reach TrailApple Capitol Recreation
Loop Trail
Campground:  .Wenatchee Confluence State Park
Trail:  The park is connected to the  which is a 10 mile paved trail. 
The Apple Capitol Recreation Trail connects to the Rocky Reach Trail which is another 5 miles. 
There is also a 2.2 mile connecting trail which goes into the town of Wenatchee.
Apple Capitol Recreation Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 112
Marlinton, WV  (B)
Parsons, WV  (A)
Campground:  .  RV Park.  Phone:  (304) 646-1832.  Marlinton Creek and Trail
Trail:  The campground borders the .  This is a 78 mile rail trail.Greenbrier River Trail
West Virginia
Campground:  .  RV Park.Five River Campground
Trail:  A short ride from the campground (0.7 mile) through town leads to the 
.  This is a 26 mile trail.
Allegheny Highlands
Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 113
Boulder Junction, WI   (A)
Wisconsin
Campground:  .  RV Park.Camp Holiday Campground
Trail:  .  52 miles of paved trails.  The trail is being
extended and will pass right by Camp Holiday Campground.  
Heart of Vilas County Paved Bike System

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 114
Trail:  .  This is a 14 mile paved urban trail which runs from the shores of
Lake Michigan to the Milwaukee/Waukesha county line.  To reach the trail, from the campground,
turn right onto W. Adler Street and then right again onto 76th Street.
Hank Aaron State Trail
West Allis, WI   (C)
Campground:  .  State Fairgrounds.Wisconsin State Fair RV Park
St. Germain, WI   (B)
Campground:  .  RV Park.Lynn Anns Campground
Trail:  .  52 miles of paved trails.  The trail is about 3/4
mile from the campground's entrance.  The road from the campground to access the trail does
not have a lot of traffic.
Heart of Vilas County Paved Bike System

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 115
Arizona - Partial Hook Ups
Arizona - Tucson
 Part 2 - Campgrounds with Partial Hook Ups
Thanks to Patrick S from Arizona for emailing in this location!
Part 2 lists campgrounds with partial hook ups 
which have easy access to paved or hard surfaced bike trails.
Campground:  .  Catalina State Park
Trail:  There is connector trail from the state park to the  which is a paved asphalt
trail system of about 50 miles.
Tucson Loop

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 116
Arkansas - Partial Hook Ups
Arkansas - Little Rock
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Maumelle Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is very close to the  which is an 88 mile multi-use trail.Arkansas River Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 117
California - Partial Hook Ups
California - Coronado
California - Half Moon Bay
California - Perris
Campground:  .  State Park.Silver Strand State Beach
Trail:  A paved portion of the  goes through the state park.  This is a 24 mile trail;
however, only 13 miles of it is a car free bicycle path.  However, this paved path goes through the
park.  You can ride about 5 miles north to Coronado and about 5 miles south to Imperial Beach. on
paved trails.
Bayshore Trail
Campground: .   California State Park.Lake Perris Recreation Area
Trail:  There is a 9 mile .paved trail around the lake
Campground:  .  Francis Beach  Campground.  California State Park.Half Moon Bay State Beach
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a three mile trail
which does connect to other trails.  For more info, view on Google Maps.
Half Moon Coastside Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 118
Colorado - Partial Hook Ups
Colorado - Carbondale
Colorado - Frisco
Colorado - Lakewood
Campground:  . 
Trail:  There is a  which joins with Loveland's Recreation Trail
System at the north and south ends of the park.
Boyd Lake State Park
paved trail within the state park
Colorado - Loveland
Campground:  .  White River National Forest.Heaton Bay Campground
Campground:  .  RV Park.Carbondale-Crystal River KOA
Trail: This campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 50 mile trail
system with 7 miles of paved trails.
Summit County Trail System
Trail:  The campground has direct access to the  - which is a 6.5 mile paved
trail.  At the northernmost end, the Crystal Valley Trail connects to the .  The Rio
Grande Trail is a 42 mile trail with surfaces of asphalt, concrete and compact gravel.
Crystal Valley Trail
Rio Grande Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Bear Creek Lake Park
Trail:  There are  which connect to two regional paved trail systems.  One is
the Bear Creek Trail, and the other is the C-470 Trail.  
paved trails in the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 119
Colorado - Pueblo
Campground:  .  Lake Pueblo State Park.
Trail:  There is an 8 mile paved path around the lake.
Northern Plains Campground
Campground:  .  Lake Pueblo State Park.
Trail:  There is an 8 mile paved path around the lake.
Arkansas Point Campground
Colorado - Pueblo

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 120
Delaware - Lewes
Campground:  .
Trail:  There is a 3.2 multi use accessible trail within the state park.
Cape Henlopen State Park
Delaware - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 121
Florida - Brooksville
Campground:  .  Withlacoochee State Forest.  Silver Lake Campground
Florida - DeBary
Florida - Gainesville
Florida - Brooksville
Trail:  .  This is a 47 mile paved trail.  Withlacoochee State Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.   Call (386) 736-5953 for reservations.Lake Monroe Park
Trail:  The park has easy access to the .  This is a 26 mile paved asphalt trail.Spring to Spring Trail
Campground:  .  Campground.Kate's Fish Camp
Trail:  The campground has direct access to the .  This is a 16
mile paved trail.
Gainesville-Hawthorne State Trail
Florida - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  Withlacoochee State Forest.Cypress Glen Campground
Trail:  .  This is a 47 mile paved trail. This trail is directly across the street
from the entrance station to the campground. 
Withlacoochee State Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 122
Florida - Jacksonville
Florida - Keystone Heights
Florida - Melbourne Beach
Campground:  .Sebastian Inlet State Park
Trail:  A  runs through the state park.  This is a  40 mile path which is
parallel to Highway AIA.  There are also three mountain bike trails within the park. 
multi-use paved path
Trail:  There is a 15 mile paved trail which connects this  to Ichetucknee Springs State
Park.
state park
Campground:  .  O'Leno State Park
Florida - High Springs, FL
Campground:  . Little Talbot Island State Park
Trail:  In addition to the 2.5 miles of paved trail in the park, there is also also to the 
which is part of a larger trail system.
Timicuan Trail
Campground:  .Mike Roess Gold Head Branch State Park
Trail:  At the entrance to the state park on State Road 21, there is a 6 mile  which
connects to the .
paved path
Palatka-to-Lake Butler State Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 123
Florida - Ocala
Trail:  There are over 30 miles of , including the 16 mile paved 
.
trails in the parkGainesville-
Hawthorne State Trail
Campground:  .
Trail:  The  runs through the state park.  This is a 30 mile paved trail.
Oscar Scherer State Park
Legacy Trail
Campground:  .  Gulf Islands National Seashore.
In the National Seashore, there is a designated bike lane which is approximately four miles.
Fort Pickens Campground
Florida - Osprey
Campground:  .  State Park.Santos Trailhead & Campground
Florida - Pensacola Beach
Trail:  This Florida State Park has a ton of mountain biking trails.  However, it is also a trailhead for
the 16 mile paved asphalt .Florida Trail
Trail:  The campground is located adjacent to the .  This is 26 mile paved
asphalt trail.
Spring to Spring Trail
Campground:  .Blue Spring State Park
Florida - Orange City
Campground:  .Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park
Florida - Micanopy

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 124
Florida - Sebring
Campground:  .
Trail: There is a 3 mile  through the park.
Highlands Hammock State Park
paved trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Fort De Soto Park Campground
Trail:  There is a  in the park.paved 7 mile multi-use trail
Florida - Saint Petersburg

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 125
Georgia - Partial Hook Ups
Georgia - Hartwell
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Watsadler
Trail:  From the campground gate, take a left and ride down the campground access road.  At the
main road, there is a grass, bike-able path on the left.  This will take you across a portion of the
dam to the Hartwell COE Headquarters.  The paved path begins behind the headquarters and
goes all the way to the power generation plant on the main dam.  The total ride is about 3.5 miles
round trip.
Thanks to Reagan Terrill for posting this information on Facebook.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 126
Campground:  .  City Park.
Trail:  .  73 mile paved trail.
City of Harrison RV Park and Campground
Trail of the Coeur d'Alenes
Idaho - Harrison
Idaho - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 127
Illinois - Carlyle
Campground:  
Trail: The  runs from the state park to Grafton to the City of Alton.  The
bike trail is approximately 20 miles; however, the trail does have some segments where it is a
dedicated bike lane between Grafton and Alton.
Pere Marquette State Park
Sam Vadalabene Bike Trail
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.
Trail:  .  60 mile trail - mostly paved and separated.  Does have segments of bike
lanes on the street and a short stretch of road shoulder along Interstate 84.
Fisherman's Corner Campground
Great River Trail
Illinois - Hampton
Illinois - Grafton
Illinois - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Dam East - McNair Campground
Trail:  The campground has access to the .  This is a 10.3 mile paved path.
This trail goes to town, but there is additional riding across the dam.  See the related blog post for
more information. 
Carlyle Lake Bike Trail
Related Blog Post:  Carlyle Lake - Dam West

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 128
Illinois - Thomson 
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.
Trail:  The central section of the  passes beside the campground.  60 miles,
mostly paved.
Thomson Causeway Recreation Area
Mississippi River Trail
Trail:  The campground is connected to the  system.  There are about 4 miles of
paved trails - a 2.8 mile loop and a 1 mile spur.  There are also 10 miles of unpaved trails.
Deer Grove Trails
Campground:  .  There are 5 RV sites with electrical hook ups.  County Park.Camp Reinberg
Illinois - Palatine

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 129
Indiana - Chesterton
Indiana - Eckerty
Indiana - Fort Wayne
Campground:  .Indiana Dunes State Park
Trail:  There are several trails within the state park which allow for miles of bike riding.  These
include the  (asphalt) which connects to the .  The Calumet Trail
is 9.1 miles and has a paved and crushed stone surface.
Dunes Kankakee TrailCalumet Trail
Indiana - Partial Hook Ups
Thanks to Ken and Martha Wiseman for this suggestion!  
Check out their website, podcast, blog and more at .rvnavigator.com
Campground:  .  State Park.Patoka Lake Campground
Trail:  The paved 6 mile  starts at the campground.Patoka Bike Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Johnny Appleseed Campground
Trail:  The  can be accessed from the campground.  This is a 25 mile paved
trail.
Rivergreenway Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 130
Indiana - North Liberty
Trail:  There are bike paths within the park; the Heritage Road National Trail is on the park's south
boundary.   is a 6.5 mile paved trail.The Heritage Road National Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Hawthorn Park Campground
Indiana - Terra Haute
Campground:  .  Potato Creek State Park
Trail:  There is a 3.2 mile paved bicycle trail within the .  There is also a 7.4 mile
mountain bike trail.
state park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 131
Iowa - Adel
Iowa - Clarksville
Iowa - Dawson
Iowa - Decorah
Campground:  .  City Park.Pulpit Rock Campground
Trail:  The campground has easy access to the .  This is a paved 11 mile trail.Trout Run Trail
Iowa - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  City Park.  Call (515) 993-4525 for reservations.Island Park Campground
Trail:  You can ride from the campground to the Raccoon River Valley Trail.  Directions:  Cross the
old bridge into the park.  Cross the grass to Rapids Street.  Turn right, ride to 6th Street.  Turn left,
ride 6th Street 4 blocks to the bike trail.   is a 72 mile loop with 89
miles of paved trail. 
The Raccoon River Valley Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Sportsman Park
Trail:  The campground provides access to  which is a 72 mile loop
with 89 miles of paved trail.
The Raccoon River Valley Trail
Campground:  .  Call for availability: (319) 278-4237.Heery Woods State Park Campground
Trail:  The campground is near the .  This is a 28.2 mile paved trail.Rolling Prairie Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 132
Iowa - Iowa City
Iowa - Lake View
Trail:  The  trail is 0.7 mile down Camp Road from the campground.  The Neal Smith
trail is a 26 mile paved trail.
Neal Smith
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.
Trail:  Easy access to  from campground.  13 miles.  Asphalt.
Howell Station Campground
Volksweg Trail
Iowa - Knoxville
Campground:  .Black Hawk State Park
Trail:  .  This is a 33 mile hard-surfaced multi-use trail which starts near the park.  It
ends at Swan Lake State Park in Carroll, Iowa.
Sauk Rail Trail
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Bob Stetler Campground
Iowa - Johnston
Campground:  .  Campground on Coralville Lake.  Army Corps of Engineers.West Overlook
Trail:  The campground is located near the network of Iowa City bike trails.  A one mile ride on
West Overlook Road will lead to the bike trail which runs along Dubuque Street.  West Overlook
Road is not a busy road; though, caution should be used.  This trail leads into a  in
Iowa City.
network of trails

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 133
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.
Trail:  Easy access to  from campground.  17 miles.  Asphalt.
Wallashuck Campground
Volksweg Trail
Iowa - Pella
Iowa - Pella
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Howell Station Campground
Trail:  The  runs right through the campground.  17 miles.  Asphalt.Volksweg Trail
Iowa - Waterloo
Campground:  .George Wyth State Park
Trail:  There are more than 3 miles of .  There are also 10 miles of soft
trails in the park.  The park trail system is also linked to a 100 mile trail system between Waterloo
and Cedar Falls.  Please check website for updates; trail construction scheduled through 9/2023.
paved trails in the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 134
Kansas - Marysville
Campground:  .  6 sites with basic RV or tent needs.  Free.Marysville City Park
Kansas - Partial Hook Ups
Trail:  .  This trail begins in downtown Marysville at the bronze Pony Express
Statue.  The first three blocks are unfinished, followed by three blocks along 7th street.  At that
point, the trail continues as a crushed limestone trail.  It continues for about 13 miles to the
Nebraska state line.  There it continues as the Chief Standing Bear Trail to Beatrice and eventually
it continues as the Homestead Trail in Lincoln.
Blue River Rail Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 135
Kentucky - Lexington
Campground:  .  Kentucky Horse Park.Kentucky Horse Park Campground
Trail:  The  is a paved 8 mile trail with opportunities for additional miles through the
Kentucky Horse Park.
Legacy Trail
Kentucky - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 136
Maine - Partial Hook Ups
Maine - Winter Harbor
Campground:  .  Acadia National Park.Schoodic Woods Campground
Trail:  There is a network of bike trails in the area including the  and the
.
Frazer Creek Bike Path
Wonsqueak Bike Path

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 137
Massachusetts - Sagamore
Massachusetts - Salem
Campground:  .  City Park.
Trail:   
Note: The trail is 7.5 miles and is paved.
Bourne Scenic Park
Cape Cod Canal
Massachusetts - Bourne
Campground:  .  City Park.Winter Island Park
Trail:  There is a bike line on the road from the campground which leads to a paved trail in Salem. 
NOTE:  The bike lane IS ON THE ROAD; however, it is a double lane bike lane. The distance from
the campground to the paved bike trail is about 1.1 mile.  The town of Salem has additional paved
bike trails.
Massachusetts - Partial Hook Ups
Thanks to Jim Black from Pennsylvania for emailing in this location!
Campground:  .  State Park.Scusset Beach State Reservation
Trail:  The park has access to the .  This is a 7.5 mile (one way) paved
trail
Cape Cod Canal Pathway

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 138
Michigan - Frankfort
Michigan - Petoskey
Michigan - Grand Haven
Campground:  .Grand Haven State Park
Trail:  .  This is a 20 mile trail which connects Grand Haven State Park with Holland
State Park.
Lakeshore Trail
Campground:  .Petoskey State Park
Trail:  The  is a 26 mile paved trail and passes right by the state park's
entrance.
Little Traverse Wheelway
Michigan - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  Bestie River Campsite
Trail:  The  runs right through the campground.  This is a 22 mile trail. 
Almost 6 miles of the trail is paved asphalt.  Other parts are gravel, and other areas are an
aggregate.
Bestie Valley Trailway
Thanks to Vickie M. from Bradenton, Florida for emailing in this location!

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 139
Michigan - Rogers City
Michigan - South Haven
Trail:  The campground has direct access to the  which is a 5.5
mile paved trail which goes to South Haven.  Riders can access the Van Buren State Park Trail
which is an additional 12 miles of gravel surface.  The Kal-Have State Park Trail connects in South
Haven and provides an additional 33.5 miles of trail.  Kal-Haven State Park Trail is an abandoned
railway bed and is made of crushed limestone/slay. 
Van Buren State Park Spur Trail
Campground:  .Van Buren State Park
Trail:  This city park is a 0.4 mile bike ride on a quiet street to the Pere Marquette Trail.  The Pere
Marquette Trail intersects the White Pine trail in less than a half of a mile.  The 
 is a 30 mile paved trail.  The   is a 92 mile linear trail, most of
which is asphalt.
Pere Marquette
TrailWhite Pine Trail State Park
Campground:  .  Hoeft State Park
Trail:  Near the park's entrance is a connecting trail to the .  This is an 11 mile
paved trail which runs along Lake Huron shoreline.
Huron Sunrise Trail
Campground:  .  Call (231) 832-2245 for reservations.Rambadt City Park
Michigan - Reed City

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 140
Campground:  .
Trail:  The 10.5 mile paved  trail runs alongside the park.  The  provides an
additional 17 miles of paved trails to ride.
Traverse City State Park
TARTLeelanau Trail
Michigan - Traverse City

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 141
Minnesota - Akeley
Minnesota - Albert Lea
Campground:  .  White Fox Campground.  Big Island Campground.Myre-Big Island State Park
Campground:  .
Trail:  The  connects to the  which is 115 miles
long.
Lake Bemidji State Park
paved trail within the parkPaul Bunyan State Trail
Trail:  The  runs through the state park.  This is a 6 mile paved trail which
connects to Albert Lea's city trail system.
Blazing Star State Trail
Minnesota - Bemidji
Minnesota - Partial Hook Ups
Minnesota - Brainerd
Campground:  .
Trail:  The  is part of the southern section of the  which is 115
miles long.
Crow Wing State Park
park's trailPaul Bunyan State Trail
Campground:  .  City Park.Akeley City Campground
Trail:  The campground has direct access to the .  This is a 49 mile multi-use trail. 
Much of the trail is paved.
Heartland Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 142
Minnesota - Hinckley
Campground:  .St. Croix State Park
Trail:  There is a 5.5 mile  which goes from the campground to the beach on Lake
Clayton. 
paved trail
Thanks to John W. for emailing in this campground/trail location!
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This trail is an 8.5 mile paved trail.East Gull Lake Trail
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.Gull Lake Recreation Area
Trail:  The campground has easy access to the .  This is a 70 mile paved
trail.
Willard Munger State Trail
Trail:  The campground has easy access to the .  This is a
work in progress, but at this time the trail is paved for 16 miles.  There are regional trails in the
area.
Central Anoka County Regional Trail
Minnesota - East Gull Lake
Campground:  .  County Park.Rice Creek Chain of Lakes Campground
Minnesota - Centerville
Campground:  .Jay Cooke State Park
Minnesota - Carolton

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 143
Minnesota - Luverne
Campground:   
Trail:  .  This is a 42 mile paved trail on an abandoned railroad.
Sylvan City Park
Root River Trail
Trail:  There is a  within the park which connects Douglas Lodge to the
Mississippi River headwaters.  Cyclists can also ride an additional ten miles on the Wilderness Loop
Drive; however, it is shared with automobiles.
six mile paved trail
Campground:  .Lake Vermilion-Sudan Underground Mine State Park
Minnesota - Soudan
Trail:  The  runs through the state park.  This is a 150 mile paved trail.Mesabi Trail
Campground:  .  Itasca State Park.Bear Paw Campground
Minnesota - Park Rapids
Campground:  Blue Mounds State Park
Trail:  There is a 2.2 mile  which connections to another paved trail
which is 3 miles and goes into Luverne.
paved trail within the park
Minnesota - Lanesboro

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 144
Minnesota - Waterville
Trail:  The campground has access to the .  This is a 39 mile
paved trail.
Sakatah Singing Hills State Park Trail
Thanks to John W. for emailing in this campground/trail location!
I discovered this location when reading a post on  blog. 
 Check out the post .
Thanks, Marie, for writing this post!
Marie's Meanderings
here
Campground:  .Sakatah Lake State Park
Trail:  The  goes through the state park.  When completed, this will be an
86 mile paved trail.  There are currently several sections completed, totaling 33 miles.
Gitchi-Gami State Trail
Campground:  . Split Rock Lighthouse State Park
Minnesota - Two Harbors
Trail:  Take the campground road to the park's entrance.  There you can get on the 
.  This is a 5 mile paved trail which goes to the town of Starbuck.
Glacial Ridge
Bike Trail
Campground:  .  Glacial Lakes State Park.  Lower Campground
Minnesota - Starbuck

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 145
Minnesota - Winona
Campground:  .  City Park.
Trails:  There are about seven miles of paved trails in  which can be accessed from the
campground.  
Prairie Island City Campground
Winona

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 146
Mississippi - Prentiss
Campground:  .  Call for information:  601 792 8225.Lake Jeff Davis
Trail:  .  This is a 44 mile paved linear trail.Longleaf Trace Trail
Mississippi - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 147
Missouri - Lawson
Missouri - Park Hills
Missouri - Sedalia
Missouri - Smithville
Campground:  .St. Joe State Park
Trail:  There is a 12.5 mile  in the state park.paved trail
Missouri - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .Watkins Mill State Park
Trail:  There is a 3.9  around the lake in the state park.paved bicycle trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Camp Branch or Crow's Creek at Lake Smithville
Trail:  There  with the park system.are 37 miles of 10 foot wide paved asphalt trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.  Phone: (816) 935-2357Lazy Liz Horse & RV Campground
Trail:  The campground is located 0.7 mile from the .  The 0.7 mile is on the Sacajawea
Road which is a small country road.  The Katy Trail is a 240 mile, crushed limestone surface trail,
across Missouri.
Katy Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 148
Trail:  There is a paved 2.8 mile .  Also available is the Weston Bluffs
Trail which is a 3.1 mile trail which goes into the town of Weston.  Weston Bluffs trail is a
combination of asphalt and fined crushed gravel surfaces.
bicycle trail within the park
Campground:  .Weston Bend State Park
Missouri - Weston

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 149
Nebraska - Papillion
Nebraska - Norfolk
Campground:  .  City Park.
Trail:  .  187 miles Rail-to-Trail crushed limestone.
Ta-Ha-Zouka Park
The Cowboy Trail
Trail: The  begins at the campground.  This is a paved trail.  It goes for
1.8 miles to Bassway Strip Wildlife Management Area and then for another 13.2 miles to
Cottonmill Park in Kearney.
Fort Kearny Hike-Bike Trail
Thanks to my friend and fellow blogger, Julia Tousignant for emailing in this location! 
Check out her blog at Twosnatravels.com
Campground:  .  County Park.  Call for reservations:  (402) 679-9889.Walnut Creek Campground
Trail:  There is a paved 3.1 mile .  In addition, there are connecting trails to
other city trails.
trail around the lake
Campground:  (East and West).  Fort Kearny State Recreation Area.  Fort Kearny Campground
Nebraska - Kearney
Nebraska - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 150
New York - Partial Hook Ups
New York - Salamanca
New York - Salamanca
Campground:  .  Allegany State Park  Rte 1.Red House Campground
Trail:  There is a 5.5 mile paved  which can be accessed from the A section of the
campground.
multi-use trail
Campground:  .  Allegany State Park.Cain Hollow Campground
Trail:  The  is 7.8 miles and runs from Quaker Beach to Stony Cabin Trail. 
The Quaker multi-use trail can be accessed from the campground.  This trail opened in Spring
2023.
Quaker multi-use trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 151
Ohio - Bellevue
Ohio - Oregon
Ohio - Springfield
Campground:  .Buck Creek State Park
Ohio - Partial Hook Ups
Trail:  The state park connects to the .  This is a paved 6 mile trail which does
connect to other trails.
Buck Creek Trail
Campground:  .
Trail:  There is a 5 mile paved  which connects to the City of Oregon Bike
Trail.
Maumee Bay State Park Campground
bike path in the park
Campground:  .  RV Park.  This park does offer a weekly pump out service.Gotta Getaway RV Park
Trail:  The campground is located one-half mile from the .  This is a 28
mile multi-use trail with crushed limestone and asphalt surfaces.  To get to the trail from the
campground, cross US 20, go several yards to Sand Hill Road.  Take Sand Hill Road to the trail
entrance.  US 20 is a divided road with good visibility.  
North Coast Inland Trail
Thanks to Julia from  for sending in this location!RetirementRVDream.com

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 152
Trail:  The campground has access to the Little Miami Scenic Trail and the Creekside Trail.  The
 is a paved 78 mile trail.  The  is a 15 mile paved trail.Little Miami Scenic TrailCreekside Trail
Campground:  .  County Park.Greene County Expo Center Campground
Ohio - Xenia

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 153
Oregon - Cascade Locks
Oregon - Nehalem
Oregon - Trail
Campground:  .Nehalem Bay State Park
Trail:  There is a 1.8 mile  which goes through the forest and provides a view of the bay.paved trail
Oregon - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  Mt. Hood National Forest.Viento State Park
Trail:  The campground has access to a 5.6 mile paved section of the 
.
Historic Columbia River
Highway State Trail
Campground:  .Joseph Stewart County Park
Trail:  There are about 6 miles of .bike trails within the park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 154
Pennsylvania - Cedar Run
Campground:  
Trail:  .  150 mile trail with 27 miles in Ohiopyle State Park.
Ohiopyle State Park
Great Allegheny Passage
Pennsylvania - Erie
Pennsylvania - Dunbar
Pennsylvania - Confluence
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.
Trail:  .  150 mile trail.
Outflow Campground
Great Allegheny Passage
Campground:  .  RV Park.Pettecote Junction
Trail:  .  This trail has a hard packed gravel surface and is 62 miles long.Pine Creek Rail Trail
Pennsylvania - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  City Park.Lampe Marina Campground
Trail:  The campground has a bike path to bay front attractions and to Presque Isle State Park.  It
is about 6.7 miles to the state park.  Once at the state park, the trail continues for about another
six miles.  The campground is also near the .Bayfront Bikeway

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 155
South Carolina - Partial Hookups
South Carolina - Edisto Island
Campground:  .Edisto Beach State Park
Trail:  There is a 6.2 mile paved trail which runs right by the campground.  Additionally, there are
several smaller trails within the .state park

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 156
South Dakota - Custer
South Dakota - Custer
Campground: . South Dakota State Park. 
Trail: There is a 7.9 mile paved trail which runs through Lewis & Clark State Recreation Area,
Pierson Ranch Recreation Area and ends at Chief White Crane Recreation Area. On the west side
of Pierson Ranch Recreation Area, there is a 4.5 paved trail which takes you into Yankton.
Chief White Crane Recreation Area
South Dakota - Yankton
South Dakota - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  Custer State Park.Game Lodge Campground
Trail:  The  runs from the Grace Coolidge campground to the park's main Visitor
Center which is across the street from Game Lodge campground.  The trail is about 2 miles (one
way) and is paved. 
Creekside Trail
Campground:  .  Custer State Park.Grace Coolidge Campground
Trail:  The  runs from the Grace Coolidge campground to the park's main Visitor
Center which is across the street from Game Lodge campground.  The trail is about 2 miles (one
way) and is paved.
Creekside Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 157
Campground: . South Dakota State Park. 
Trail: There is a 7.9 mile paved trail which runs through Lewis & Clark State Recreation Area,
Pierson Ranch Recreation Area and ends at Chief White Crane Recreation Area. On the west side
of Pierson Ranch Recreation Area, there is a 4.5 paved trail which takes you into Yankton.
Pierson Ranch Recreation Area
South Dakota - Yankton
South Dakota - Yankton
Campground:  .  South Dakota State Park.
Trail:  There is a 7.9 mile paved trail which runs through Lewis & Clark State Recreation Area,
Pierson Ranch Recreation Area and ends at Chief White Crane Recreation Area. On the west side
of Pierson Ranch Recreation Area, there is a 4.5 paved trail which takes you into Yankton.
Lewis & Clark Recreation Area
Trails:  There is a  which runs from Yankton to the Gavins Point Area.  There is also a
multi use trail in the Gavins Point area.
paved trail
Campground:  .  Army Corps of Engineers.  This campground is
located near Crofton, NE.
Cottonwood Recreation Area
South Dakota - Yankton

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 158
Tennessee - Ashland City
Tennessee - Lawrenceburg
Tennessee - Winchester
Campground:  .Tims Ford State Park
Trail:  There are  which connect all the major areas of the park. 
There are also mountain biking trails in the park.
seven miles of paved biking trails
Tennessee - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .David Crockett State Park
Trail:  There is a 3 mile  within the park.paved trail
Campground:  .  Cheatham Lake Army Corps of Engineers.Lock A Recreation Area Campground
Trail:  The  ends at Lock A's day use area.  This is a 6.7 mile
paved and compacted gravel trail.  The first section of the trail starting from the Lock A area is
rocky and may be difficult for road bikes.
Cumberland River Bicentennial Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 159
Texas - Mineral Wells
Texas - Needville
Texas - Valley View
Campground:  .Brazos Bend State Park
Trail:  There are miles of .  The trails are mostly flat, and the surface is dirt
and gravel.
trails within the park
Thanks to my friend and fellow blogger, Julia Tousignant for emailing in this location! 
Check out her blog at Twosnatravels.com
Texas - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  Ray Roberts Lake State Park.Johnson Branch
Trail:  The  is a 3.9 mile paved path.  Cross Timbers Trail
Campground:  .  Lake Mineral Wells State Park
Trail:  There is a 20 mile  which runs through the park.reclaimed rail bed

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 160
Washington - Chehalis
Washington - Cle Elum
Washington - Nine Mile Falls
Washington - Port Townsend
Campground:  .Rainbow Falls State Park
Trail:  The  runs through Rainbow Falls State Park.  This is a 56 mile trail
with its surface being some asphalt and some compacted gravel.
Willapa Hill State Park
Campground:  Nine Mile Recreation Area.  .Riverside State Park
Trail:  The  goes through the park.  This is a 40 mile paved trailSpokane River Centennial Trail
Washington - Partial Hook Ups
Campground:  .  RV Park.Eagle Valley Campground
Trail:  The campground is about one mile from the .  To reach the
trail, ride on from the campground road to Watson Cutoff Road to the trail.  The Palouse to
Cascades State Trail is a 250 mile trail with varying surfaces.  The state is working to improve the
surface of the trail.
Palouse to Cascades State Trail
Campground:  .  Upper Forest Campground.Fort Worden Historical State Park
Trail:  There are 8.3 miles of biking trails within the park.  The trails are a combination of paved
and dirt.

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 161
West Virginia - Cairo
West Virginia - Marlinton
Campground:  .  River Run Campground.North Bend State Park
West Virginia - Partial Hook Ups
Trail:  .  This is a 72 mile crushed limestone trail.  North Bend Rail Trail
Thanks to Tony C. from Detroit, Michigan for emailing in this location!
Campground:  .  Watoga State Park.Riverside Campground
Trail:  The  can be accessed from the campground by riding on the road to
the campground for about one and a half miles to Seebert.  The Greenbrier River Trail is a 78 mile
rail trail.
Greenbrier River Trail

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 162
Wisconsin - Blue Mounds
Wisconsin - Fish Creek
Wisconsin - Cornell
Campground:  .  There are 5 campgrounds in the park offering dry camping
and sites with electrical hook ups.  
Peninsula State Park
Trail:  There is a  from the state park's entrance to the 
 which is a 20 mile paved trail.
one mile hike/bike connector trailOld Abe
State Trail
Trail:  The  is 9.6 miles of fine gravel.  The park also offers 12 miles of off road biking. Sunset Trail
Campground:  .  North Campground is dry camping.  South Campground
has partial hookups.
Brunet Island State Park
Campground:  .Blue Mound State Park
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  This is a 40 mile trail, mostly
of crushed stone but with a small section of asphalt.
Military Ridge State Trail
Wisconsin - Partial Hook Ups

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 163
Wisconsin - Trempealeau
Wisconsin - Two Rivers
Trail:  The  starts at the lodge parking lot and goes for 5 miles.  The trail
is a hard packed limestone base.   The trail then connects to  - a 7 mile paved trail.
Rawley Point Bicycle Trail
Mariners Trail
Campground:  .  RV Park.
Trail:  .  This is a 32 mile trail.  The surface is crushed limestone.
Tunnel Trail Campground
Elroy-Sparta Bicycle Trail
Campground:  .  State Forest.Point Beach State Forest Campground
Wisconsin - Wilton
Trail:  This campground has two paved trails going through the park.   is a
20 mile paved trail.  The  is a 2.5 off road connection between Madison
and McFarland.
Capital City State Trail
Lower Yahara River Trail
Campground:  .Perrot State Park
Trail:  The park's campground has direct access to the .  This is a 24 mile
trail with a surface of crushed limestone.
Great River State Trail
Campground:  .  This park is part of Capital Springs
Recreation Area.  Electrical Hook ups.
William G. Lunney Lake Farm County Park
Wisconsin - Madison

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 164
Appendix 1 - Exceptions to the Rules
Exception: This is a 55+ campground in Tucson, AZ
Campground:  .  This is a 55+ RV resort which offers full hook ups
for short term or seasonal stays.  The resort also offers organized bike rides.
Rincon Country West RV Resort
Trail:  The campground is adjacent to the .  The Tucson Loop is a 131 mile trail with
an asphalt surface.
Tucson Loop
Thanks to Ken and Martha Wiseman for this suggestion!
Check out their website, podcast, blog and more at .rvnavigator.com
Campground:   in Lincoln City, Indiana.  Partial Hooks.Lincoln State Park
Exception:  There's no trail.  Lincoln City, IN
Bike Ride:  The state park is located across the street from the 
.  Both the state park and the National Memorial have lots of activities and things to do. 
We rode our bikes ten miles in the state park, and we rode our bikes to the National Memorial
which is across the street.  For more info, check out their websites, or my  about our
visit  
Lincoln Boyhood National
Memorial
blog post

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 165
Bike Ride:  The campground is located very near the Greenbrier entrance of Great Smoky
Mountains National Park.  One can ride the back roads from the campground to the Greenbrier
entrance and then on the park road for a total ride of about eleven miles.  Read my blog post
about our ride in Great Smoky Mountains National Park .here
Campground:  .  RV Park in Gatlinburg, TN.  Full hook ups.Greenbrier Campground
Exception:  There's no trail.   Gatlinburg, TN

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 166
Appendix 2 - Articles About Ebikes
The following articles are blog posts in my blog, .  These posts are
related to our ebike experience.  Please note I am not an expert - far from it; these posts simply
capture the why and how of what we have done.     
ChambersontheRoad.com
 - I hesitated to purchase ebikes as I was concerned about the amount
of exercise I would be getting riding an ebike versus riding a traditional bike.  This post describes
the where, when and how we decided to purchase ebikes.  The post also includes how we
transport our ebikes in our 23 foot travel trailer.
Where Exercise Meets Fun
 - This post was written after we had our ebikes for awhile but before we forgot
what it was to be an ebike newbie.  
Ebike Experience
 - Do you like to keep track of things?  This is a short post which discusses the app I
use to keep track of my ebike rides.
Map My Ride
 - This post discusses the bike rack we bought for our Ford Expedition, including
the various types we found when shopping.  
Rack N Our Brains
This blog post from RVingwithBikes.com discusses our purchase of a new travel trailer that had a
built in hitch on the back bumper which we could use to haul our e-bikes.  However, not just any
bike rack can be used.   for more information. Click here

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 167
This edition is a starting point for centralizing
this information.  Updates will be made as they
become available, and new editions will be
published as needed. 
Readers are encouraged to suggest additional
campgrounds with easy access to paved or hard
surfaced trails to be included in future editions
by emailing 
dcbc3705@gmail.com.  
Readers who suggest additional campgrounds
with easy access to paved trails for inclusion
will be acknowledged in subsequent editions.  
Be Part of the Next Edition!

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 168
Thank You
For comments and/or suggestions, please email Betty Chambers at 
dcbc3705@gmail.com.  
Thank you for reading.  
May you have miles of smiles in your RV and on your bike!

RVing with Bikes - A Guide to Campgrounds with Full and Partial Hook Ups with Easy Access to Paved Bike Trails
RVingwithBikes.Com
Page 169
About the Author
Betty and her husband, Dan, enjoy traveling in their Winnebago Minnie 2529RG 
and riding their ebikes. 
Betty is the author of the blog, 
 
where she chronicles their RV travels as well as other aspects of daily life in retirement. 
She also enjoys walking, bike riding, reading, playing Scrabble and spending time with her and
Dan's grown children. 
Betty and her husband, Dan, live in St. Charles, Missouri. 
"RVing with Bikes" is Betty's first published ebook.
ChambersontheRoad.com